# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/58tongcheng

host-suffix, 58.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 5858.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58antenna.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 58antenna.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58cdn.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 58che.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58control.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 58corp.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58dns.org, proxy
host-suffix, 58ganji-corp.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58ganji.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58lovepet.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58uxd.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58v5.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 58xinghuo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 58xinghuo.com, proxy
host-suffix, 58xueche.com, proxy
host-suffix, anjuke.com, proxy
host-suffix, anjukestatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, chinahr.com, proxy
host-suffix, chrstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, daojia.com, proxy
host-suffix, diandao.org, proxy
host-suffix, fang.com, proxy
host-suffix, ganji.com, proxy
host-suffix, ganjistatic1.com, proxy
host-suffix, jxedt.com, proxy
host-suffix, jxksw.net, proxy
host-suffix, roomeet.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sofun.com, proxy
host-suffix, soufunimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, xinchong.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuancorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuanspirit.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuanzhuan.com, proxy
