# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/airwick

host-suffix, airwick.at, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.be, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.ca, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.ch, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.cl, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.cz, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.de, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.dk, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.es, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.fi, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.fr, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.hr, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.hu, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.ie, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.it, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.jp, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.net, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.nl, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.no, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.pl, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.pt, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.ro, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.ru, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.se, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.si, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.sk, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.tv, proxy
host-suffix, airwick.us, proxy
host-suffix, airwickarabia.com, proxy
host-suffix, vipoo.es, proxy
