# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/alibaba

host-suffix, a.alimama.cn, proxy
host-suffix, acjs.aliyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, adash-c.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adash-c.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adash-emas.cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com, proxy
host-suffix, adash.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adash.man.aliyuncs.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashbc.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashbc.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashx.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashx.ut.amap.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashx.ut.ele.me, proxy
host-suffix, adashx.ut.youku.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashx4yt.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adashxgc.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, adsh.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, afp.adchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, afp.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, agoodm.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, agoodm.wapa.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, alipaylog.com, proxy
host-suffix, alog.umeng.com, proxy
host-suffix, alog.umengcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, amdc.alipay.com, proxy
host-suffix, api.wapa.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, api.waptest.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, apoll.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, atanx.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, atanx2.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, c-adash.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdn0.mobmore.com, proxy
host-suffix, click.aliyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, click.mz.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, cm.ipinyou.com, proxy
host-suffix, dsp.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, ex.mobmore.com, proxy
host-suffix, ex.puata.info, proxy
host-suffix, fav.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, feedback.whalecloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, ff.win.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, fm.p0y.cn, proxy
host-suffix, g.click.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, g.tbcdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gma.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtms01.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtms02.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtms03.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtms04.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, h-adashx.ut.ele.me, proxy
host-suffix, h-adashx.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, h-adashx.ut.youku.com, proxy
host-suffix, h-adashx4yt.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, hydra.alibaba.com, proxy
host-suffix, hz.pre.tbusergw.taobao.net, proxy
host-suffix, hz.tbusergw.taobao.net, proxy
host-suffix, i.ipinyou.com, proxy
host-suffix, init.phpwind.com, proxy
host-suffix, intl.wapa.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, intl.waptest.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, jxlog.istreamsche.com, proxy
host-suffix, log.umtrack.com, proxy
host-suffix, m-adash.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, m.intl.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, m.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, match.p4p.1688.com, proxy
host-suffix, material.istreamsche.com, proxy
host-suffix, mlt01.com, proxy
host-suffix, nbsdk-baichuan.alicdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, nbsdk-baichuan.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, osfota.cdn.aliyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, osupdate.aliyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, osupdateservice.yunos.com, proxy
host-suffix, pindao.huoban.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, push.wandoujia.com, proxy
host-suffix, re.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, re.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, redirect.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, rj.m.taobao.co, proxy
host-suffix, rj.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, sdkinit.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, simaba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, simba.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, srd.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, stats.ipinyou.com, proxy
host-suffix, strip.taobaocdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, tanxlog.istreamsche.com, proxy
host-suffix, tejia.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, temai.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, tns.simba.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, tongji.linezing.com, proxy
host-suffix, tvupgrade.yunos.com, proxy
host-suffix, tyh.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, userimg.qunar.com, proxy
host-suffix, v6-adashx.ut.amap.com, proxy
host-suffix, v6-adashx.ut.cainiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, v6-adashx.ut.ele.me, proxy
host-suffix, v6-adashx.ut.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, w.cnzz.com, proxy
host-suffix, w.m.taobao.com, proxy
host-suffix, yiliao.hupan.com, proxy
host-suffix, z.gds.cnzz.com, proxy
