# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/baidu

host-suffix, 91.com, proxy
host-suffix, aipage.com, proxy
host-suffix, apollo.auto, proxy
host-suffix, baidu, proxy
host-suffix, baidu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, baidu.com, proxy
host-suffix, baidu.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, baidubce.com, proxy
host-suffix, baiducontent.com, proxy
host-suffix, baidupcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, baidustatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, baifae.com, proxy
host-suffix, baifubao.com, proxy
host-suffix, bcebos.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdcloudapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdtjrcv.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdydns.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bdydns.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdydns.net, proxy
host-suffix, chuanke.com, proxy
host-suffix, click.qianqian.com, proxy
host-suffix, dl-vip.pcfaster.baidu.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, dlnel.com, proxy
host-suffix, dlnel.org, proxy
host-suffix, duapps.com, proxy
host-suffix, dwz.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hao123.com, proxy
host-suffix, hao123img.com, proxy
host-suffix, hao222.com, proxy
host-suffix, haokan.com, proxy
host-suffix, img.taotaosou.cn, proxy
host-suffix, img01.taotaosou.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jomocdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, jomodns.com, proxy
host-suffix, mipcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, nuomi.com, proxy
host-suffix, quyaoya.com, proxy
host-suffix, shifen.com, proxy
host-suffix, smartapps.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tieba.com, proxy
host-suffix, tiebaimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, uat1.bfsspadserver.8le8le.com, proxy
host-suffix, xianfae.com, proxy
host-suffix, xiaodutv.com, proxy
host-suffix, zuoyebang.cc, proxy
host-suffix, zuoyebang.com, proxy
host-suffix, zybang.com, proxy
