# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/bilibili

host, upos-hz-mirrorakam.akamaized.net, proxy
host-suffix, acg.tv, proxy
host-suffix, acgvideo.com, proxy
host-suffix, animetamashi.cn, proxy
host-suffix, animetamashi.com, proxy
host-suffix, anitama.cn, proxy
host-suffix, anitama.net, proxy
host-suffix, b23.tv, proxy
host-suffix, bigfun.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bigfunapp.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bili22.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bili2233.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bili23.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bili33.cn, proxy
host-suffix, biliapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, biliapi.net, proxy
host-suffix, bilibili.cc, proxy
host-suffix, bilibili.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilibili.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilibili.net, proxy
host-suffix, bilibili.tv, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, bilibilipay.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilibilipay.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicdn1.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicdn2.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicdn3.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicdn4.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicdn5.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicomic.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilicomics.com, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.com, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, biligo.com, proxy
host-suffix, biliimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, biliintl.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilivideo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilivideo.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilivideo.net, proxy
host-suffix, dreamcast.hk, proxy
host-suffix, hdslb.com, proxy
host-suffix, hdslb.org, proxy
host-suffix, im9.com, proxy
host-suffix, maoercdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, mincdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, yo9.com, proxy
