# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-media-ir

host-suffix, aparat.com, proxy
host-suffix, aparatkids.com, proxy
host-suffix, aparatsport.com, proxy
host-suffix, cinematicket.org, proxy
host-suffix, filimo.com, proxy
host-suffix, filimo.school, proxy
host-suffix, filmnet.ir, proxy
host-suffix, irib.ir, proxy
host-suffix, iribtv.ir, proxy
host-suffix, irinn.ir, proxy
host-suffix, jjtvn.ir, proxy
host-suffix, namava.ir, proxy
host-suffix, qurantv.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radio.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radioiran.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radiojavan.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radiomaaref.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radiopayam.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radioquran.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radiotehran.ir, proxy
host-suffix, radiovarzesh.ir, proxy
host-suffix, telewebion.com, proxy
host-suffix, tmk.ir, proxy
host-suffix, tv3.ir, proxy
host-suffix, tv5.ir, proxy
host-suffix, tv7.ir, proxy
