# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-ir

host-suffix, 7sobh.com, proxy
host-suffix, abanbroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, abantether.com, proxy
host-suffix, abrarnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, abrha.net, proxy
host-suffix, afranet.com, proxy
host-suffix, agri-bank.com, proxy
host-suffix, agrieng.org, proxy
host-suffix, ansarbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, aparat.com, proxy
host-suffix, aparatkids.com, proxy
host-suffix, aparatsport.com, proxy
host-suffix, arman-ati.com, proxy
host-suffix, arvancloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, arzex.io, proxy
host-suffix, asanpardakht.com, proxy
host-suffix, asanpardakht.net, proxy
host-suffix, asriran.com, proxy
host-suffix, bahmanbroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, bale.ai, proxy
host-suffix, behpardakht.com, proxy
host-suffix, beytoote.com, proxy
host-suffix, bimeh.com, proxy
host-suffix, bimehasia.com, proxy
host-suffix, bimeonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, bit24.cash, proxy
host-suffix, bkisecurities.com, proxy
host-suffix, blogfa.com, proxy
host-suffix, blogsky.com, proxy
host-suffix, blubank.com, proxy
host-suffix, bmibourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, bourseiness.com, proxy
host-suffix, bt-broker.com, proxy
host-suffix, cafebazaar.org, proxy
host-suffix, cdnsnapptrip.com, proxy
host-suffix, cinematicket.org, proxy
host-suffix, dana-insurance.com, proxy
host-suffix, danabroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, datisnetwork.com, proxy
host-suffix, dayins.com, proxy
host-suffix, digi-kala.com, proxy
host-suffix, digikala.com, proxy
host-suffix, digikalabusiness.com, proxy
host-suffix, digikalajet.com, proxy
host-suffix, digistyle.com, proxy
host-suffix, divar.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, divarcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, donya-e-eqtesad.com, proxy
host-suffix, ebtekarnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, eghtesadnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, eitaa.com, proxy
host-suffix, emofid.com, proxy
host-suffix, etminansahm.com, proxy
host-suffix, ettelaat.com, proxy
host-suffix, exir.io, proxy
host-suffix, faradars.org, proxy
host-suffix, fararu.com, proxy
host-suffix, farhad-exchange.com, proxy
host-suffix, filimo.com, proxy
host-suffix, filimo.school, proxy
host-suffix, financialtribune.com, proxy
host-suffix, flightio.com, proxy
host-suffix, gap.im, proxy
host-suffix, gaplication.com, proxy
host-suffix, hafezbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, hawzahnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, hibank24.com, proxy
host-suffix, ipnumberia.com, proxy
host-suffix, ir, proxy
host-suffix, iran-newspaper.com, proxy
host-suffix, iraneconomist.com, proxy
host-suffix, iranlms.org, proxy
host-suffix, iranserver.com, proxy
host-suffix, irfarabi.com, proxy
host-suffix, janebi.com, proxy
host-suffix, jibitex.com, proxy
host-suffix, jobinja.com, proxy
host-suffix, jobinjacdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, karnameh.com, proxy
host-suffix, khabarvarzeshi.com, proxy
host-suffix, khodro45.com, proxy
host-suffix, khorasannews.com, proxy
host-suffix, loxblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, maskanbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, mehrnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, mellatbroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, mellatinsurance.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihanwebhost.com, proxy
host-suffix, mofidonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, mrbilit.com, proxy
host-suffix, mydigipay.com, proxy
host-suffix, neshan.org, proxy
host-suffix, niniban.com, proxy
host-suffix, ninisite.com, proxy
host-suffix, niniweblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, novinbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, novininsurance.com, proxy
host-suffix, oibroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, ok-ex.io, proxy
host-suffix, omidsahm.com, proxy
host-suffix, ompfinex.com, proxy
host-suffix, p30download.com, proxy
host-suffix, parsian-bank.com, proxy
host-suffix, parsine.com, proxy
host-suffix, parsonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, parspack.com, proxy
host-suffix, picofile.com, proxy
host-suffix, pishgaman.net, proxy
host-suffix, qodsna.com, proxy
host-suffix, quera.org, proxy
host-suffix, ramzinex.com, proxy
host-suffix, resalat-news.com, proxy
host-suffix, rozblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, saat24.com, proxy
host-suffix, saderatbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, sahandbroker.com, proxy
host-suffix, saipacorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, samanbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, sanjesh.org, proxy
host-suffix, sarmayex.com, proxy
host-suffix, sarzamindownload.com, proxy
host-suffix, sb24.com, proxy
host-suffix, sdbhouse.com, proxy
host-suffix, sepahbourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, setare.com, proxy
host-suffix, sharif.edu, proxy
host-suffix, sheypoor.com, proxy
host-suffix, sinainsurance.com, proxy
host-suffix, skyroom.online, proxy
host-suffix, smshooshmand.com, proxy
host-suffix, snapp-box.com, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.cab, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.doctor, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.express, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.ninja, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.site, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.supply, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.taxi, proxy
host-suffix, snapp.tech, proxy
host-suffix, snappcloud.io, proxy
host-suffix, snappfood.dev, proxy
host-suffix, snapproom.com, proxy
host-suffix, snapptrip.com, proxy
host-suffix, sobhanehonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, softgozar.com, proxy
host-suffix, srttu.edu, proxy
host-suffix, tabdeal.org, proxy
host-suffix, tadbirgar.com, proxy
host-suffix, talarebourse.com, proxy
host-suffix, tasnimnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, tebyan.net, proxy
host-suffix, tehrantimes.com, proxy
host-suffix, tejaratnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, telewebion.com, proxy
host-suffix, tetherland.com, proxy
host-suffix, tgju.org, proxy
host-suffix, toplearn.com, proxy
host-suffix, torob.com, proxy
host-suffix, varzesh3.com, proxy
host-suffix, virasty.com, proxy
host-suffix, webinarplus.online, proxy
host-suffix, weswap.digital, proxy
host-suffix, xn--mgba3a4f16a, proxy
host-suffix, xn--mgba3a4fra, proxy
host-suffix, yasdl.com, proxy
host-suffix, zarinpal.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhaket.com, proxy
