# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-education-cn

host-suffix, 17zuoye.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 17zuoye.com, proxy
host-suffix, 17zuoye.net, proxy
host-suffix, 91yunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, aiyunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, applysquare.com, proxy
host-suffix, applysquare.net, proxy
host-suffix, banmaaike.com, proxy
host-suffix, baydn.com, proxy
host-suffix, cctalk.com, proxy
host-suffix, dgjy.net, proxy
host-suffix, haofenshu.com, proxy
host-suffix, hjapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, hjfile.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hujiang.com, proxy
host-suffix, iyunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, keboyunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, ketangpai.com, proxy
host-suffix, koocdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, koolearn.com, proxy
host-suffix, koopass.com, proxy
host-suffix, pigai.org, proxy
host-suffix, rainclassroom.com, proxy
host-suffix, shanbay.com, proxy
host-suffix, speiyou.com, proxy
host-suffix, weilaiyunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, x-cloud.cc, proxy
host-suffix, xesimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, xiaoyuankousuan.com, proxy
host-suffix, xueersi.com, proxy
host-suffix, xuetangx.com, proxy
host-suffix, ybccode.com, proxy
host-suffix, yeshj.com, proxy
host-suffix, yuanfudao.com, proxy
host-suffix, yuansouti.com, proxy
host-suffix, yuantiku.com, proxy
host-suffix, yudou.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yuketang.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yunxiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, yushiyan.net, proxy
host-suffix, zhihuishu.com, proxy
