# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-securities-cn

host-suffix, 5ifund.com, proxy
host-suffix, 99fund.com, proxy
host-suffix, abc-ca.com, proxy
host-suffix, ajzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, avicfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, avicsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, bdfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bobbns.com, proxy
host-suffix, boscam.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bosera.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccnew.com, proxy
host-suffix, cczq.com, proxy
host-suffix, cczq.net, proxy
host-suffix, cfsc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cfund108.com, proxy
host-suffix, cfzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, cgws.com, proxy
host-suffix, changanfunds.com, proxy
host-suffix, chinalions.com, proxy
host-suffix, chinanature.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, chinastock.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cib-fund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cicc.com, proxy
host-suffix, ciccwm.com, proxy
host-suffix, cindasc.com, proxy
host-suffix, cjsc.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnhbstock.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnht.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cninfo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cryuantafund.com, proxy
host-suffix, csco.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, csfounder.com, proxy
host-suffix, ctfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, ctsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, daton.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dbfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dfham.com, proxy
host-suffix, dfzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dgzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dtsbc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dwjq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dxzq.net, proxy
host-suffix, easec.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, efunds.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, essence.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ewww.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fadfunds.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcsc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, foresightfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, founderff.com, proxy
host-suffix, fsfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, ftfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, fullgoal.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fund123.cn, proxy
host-suffix, furamc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fzfinancing.com, proxy
host-suffix, galaxyasset.com, proxy
host-suffix, gefund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gf.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gffunds.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, ghsl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ghzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gjzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gkzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, glsc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gowinamc.com, proxy
host-suffix, grzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, gsgh.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gszq.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtja.com, proxy
host-suffix, guodu.com, proxy
host-suffix, guosen.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gyzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hazq.com, proxy
host-suffix, hczq.com, proxy
host-suffix, hffunds.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hftfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, hfzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hlzqgs.com, proxy
host-suffix, hongdefund.com, proxy
host-suffix, hongtastock.com, proxy
host-suffix, howbuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, hrsec.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hsbcqh.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hsfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, htsc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, htsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, huaan.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, huajingsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, huajinsc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, huayingsc.com, proxy
host-suffix, hx168.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hxzq.cn, proxy
host-suffix, i618.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, igwfmc.com, proxy
host-suffix, iztzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, jhzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jpmorganchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, jsfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jtamc.com, proxy
host-suffix, jyzq.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jzsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, kysec.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lczq.com, proxy
host-suffix, lhzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, longone.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lufunds.com, proxy
host-suffix, mfcteda.com, proxy
host-suffix, morganstanleyhuaxin.com, proxy
host-suffix, msjyfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mszq.com, proxy
host-suffix, nesc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nffund.com, proxy
host-suffix, njzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nomuraoi-sec.com, proxy
host-suffix, ocfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, orient-fund.com, proxy
host-suffix, phfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, postfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, py-axa.com, proxy
host-suffix, shgsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, shhxzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, shzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, sse.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sseinfo.com, proxy
host-suffix, stocke.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, swhysc.com, proxy
host-suffix, swsc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, swsmu.com, proxy
host-suffix, szse.cn, proxy
host-suffix, taipingfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tebon.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tfzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, thfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tongtaiamc.com, proxy
host-suffix, tpyzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, ubssdic.com, proxy
host-suffix, vanho.cn, proxy
host-suffix, west95582.com, proxy
host-suffix, wkzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wlzq.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wxzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, xcsc.com, proxy
host-suffix, xf-fund.com, proxy
host-suffix, xqfunds.com, proxy
host-suffix, xsdzq.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xyzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ydamc.com, proxy
host-suffix, ydsc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yhfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ykzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, ytzq.com, proxy
host-suffix, zdzq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zhfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, zlfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zofund.com, proxy
host-suffix, zszq.com, proxy
host-suffix, ztfsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, zts.com.cn, proxy
