# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-cryptocurrency

host, bybit-exchange.github.io, proxy
host, bybit.ada.support, proxy
host, deribit.cdn.prismic.io, proxy
host, onekey.zendesk.com, proxy
host-suffix, 1inch.io, proxy
host-suffix, aave.com, proxy
host-suffix, appsflayer.com, proxy
host-suffix, asproex.com, proxy
host-suffix, asproexapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, binance.cc, proxy
host-suffix, binance.charity, proxy
host-suffix, binance.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, binance.co, proxy
host-suffix, binance.com, proxy
host-suffix, binance.info, proxy
host-suffix, binance.me, proxy
host-suffix, binance.net, proxy
host-suffix, binance.org, proxy
host-suffix, binance.us, proxy
host-suffix, binance.vision, proxy
host-suffix, binanceapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, binancecnt.com, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.be, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.biz, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.cc, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.co, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.com, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.info, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.ink, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.kim, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.link, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.live, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.net, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.pro, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.sh, proxy
host-suffix, binancezh.top, proxy
host-suffix, bisq.io, proxy
host-suffix, bisq.network, proxy
host-suffix, bitbank.cc, proxy
host-suffix, bitcoin.org, proxy
host-suffix, bitfinex.com, proxy
host-suffix, bitflyer.com, proxy
host-suffix, bitflyer.jp, proxy
host-suffix, bitget.com, proxy
host-suffix, bitmex.com, proxy
host-suffix, bitquick.co, proxy
host-suffix, bitsquare.io, proxy
host-suffix, bitstamp.net, proxy
host-suffix, bittrex.com, proxy
host-suffix, blockfrost.io, proxy
host-suffix, bnbstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, btcbox.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, byapis.com, proxy
host-suffix, bybit.com, proxy
host-suffix, bycbe.com, proxy
host-suffix, bycsi.com, proxy
host-suffix, bymj.io, proxy
host-suffix, bytick.com, proxy
host-suffix, cex.io, proxy
host-suffix, clearpool.finance, proxy
host-suffix, coinalyze.net, proxy
host-suffix, coinbase.com, proxy
host-suffix, coindesk.com, proxy
host-suffix, coingecko.com, proxy
host-suffix, coinglass.com, proxy
host-suffix, coinmap.org, proxy
host-suffix, coinmarketcap.com, proxy
host-suffix, coinone.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, coinonecore.com, proxy
host-suffix, coinonecorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, crypto.com, proxy
host-suffix, cryptocompare.com, proxy
host-suffix, curve.fi, proxy
host-suffix, cyberx.com, proxy
host-suffix, debank.com, proxy
host-suffix, deribit.com, proxy
host-suffix, devcon.org, proxy
host-suffix, dogecoin.com, proxy
host-suffix, dydx.exchange, proxy
host-suffix, ethereum.foundation, proxy
host-suffix, ethereum.org, proxy
host-suffix, etherscan.io, proxy
host-suffix, fundingrates.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, gate.io, proxy
host-suffix, gatedata.org, proxy
host-suffix, gateimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, gateio.live, proxy
host-suffix, gateio.services, proxy
host-suffix, gemini.com, proxy
host-suffix, hashflow.com, proxy
host-suffix, hbabit.com, proxy
host-suffix, hbfile.net, proxy
host-suffix, huobi.com, proxy
host-suffix, huobi.me, proxy
host-suffix, huobi.pro, proxy
host-suffix, huobi.sc, proxy
host-suffix, huobiasia.vip, proxy
host-suffix, huobigroup.com, proxy
host-suffix, huobitoken.com, proxy
host-suffix, infura.io, proxy
host-suffix, invity.io, proxy
host-suffix, kraken.com, proxy
host-suffix, localbitcoins.com, proxy
host-suffix, localbitcoinschain.com, proxy
host-suffix, maple.finance, proxy
host-suffix, metalpha.finance, proxy
host-suffix, mexc.com, proxy
host-suffix, mexcsensors.com, proxy
host-suffix, mytokenapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, okex.com, proxy
host-suffix, oklink.com, proxy
host-suffix, okx-dns.com, proxy
host-suffix, okx-dns1.com, proxy
host-suffix, okx-dns2.com, proxy
host-suffix, okx.com, proxy
host-suffix, onekey-asset.com, proxy
host-suffix, onekey.so, proxy
host-suffix, onekeycn.com, proxy
host-suffix, opensea.io, proxy
host-suffix, osl.com, proxy
host-suffix, paxful.com, proxy
host-suffix, ripple.com, proxy
host-suffix, saasexch.com, proxy
host-suffix, saasexch.io, proxy
host-suffix, satoshilabs.com, proxy
host-suffix, theblock.co, proxy
host-suffix, trezor.io, proxy
host-suffix, truefi.io, proxy
host-suffix, unisat.io, proxy
host-suffix, uniswap.org, proxy
host-suffix, walletconnect.com, proxy
host-suffix, wintermute.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisecoin.com, proxy
host-suffix, wiseid.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisekey.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisekey.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, zapper.fi, proxy
host-suffix, zb.app, proxy
host-suffix, zb.com, proxy
host-suffix, zb.io, proxy
host-suffix, zb.live, proxy
