# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-dev-cn

host, p1-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p2-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p3-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p4-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p5-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p6-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p7-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p8-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host, p9-juejin.byteimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, aixcoder.com, proxy
host-suffix, apifox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, apifox.com, proxy
host-suffix, baltamatica.com, proxy
host-suffix, blogjava.net, proxy
host-suffix, chinauos.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnblogs.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnitblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnweblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, codechina.net, proxy
host-suffix, coding.me, proxy
host-suffix, coding.net, proxy
host-suffix, cppblog.com, proxy
host-suffix, csdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, csdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, csdn.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, csdnimg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, csto.com, proxy
host-suffix, datasea.cn, proxy
host-suffix, deepin.cn, proxy
host-suffix, deepin.com, proxy
host-suffix, deepin.io, proxy
host-suffix, deepin.org, proxy
host-suffix, dengguobi.com, proxy
host-suffix, frontjs.com, proxy
host-suffix, gitbook.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gitchat.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gitcode.com, proxy
host-suffix, gitcode.net, proxy
host-suffix, gitee.com, proxy
host-suffix, gitee.io, proxy
host-suffix, goproxy.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goproxy.io, proxy
host-suffix, houyicaiji.com, proxy
host-suffix, iteye.com, proxy
host-suffix, jinglingbiaozhu.com, proxy
host-suffix, jinrishici.com, proxy
host-suffix, juejin.cn, proxy
host-suffix, juejin.im, proxy
host-suffix, kaifayun.com, proxy
host-suffix, mysxl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nnthink.com, proxy
host-suffix, openkylin.top, proxy
host-suffix, oschina.net, proxy
host-suffix, pgyer.com, proxy
host-suffix, phpweblog.net, proxy
host-suffix, programmer.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, programmer.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ruby-china.org, proxy
host-suffix, rubyconfchina.org, proxy
host-suffix, segmentfault.com, proxy
host-suffix, sifou.com, proxy
host-suffix, sxl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sxlcdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, teachblog.net, proxy
host-suffix, tipdim.org, proxy
host-suffix, tracup.com, proxy
host-suffix, ubuntukylin.com, proxy
host-suffix, uniontech.com, proxy
host-suffix, xitu.io, proxy
host-suffix, xueyuanjun.com, proxy
