# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-pt

host-suffix, audiences.me, proxy
host-suffix, avistaz.to, proxy
host-suffix, beyond-hd.me, proxy
host-suffix, bibliotik.me, proxy
host-suffix, bitpt.cn, proxy
host-suffix, blutopia.cc, proxy
host-suffix, broadcasthe.net, proxy
host-suffix, bt.byr.cn, proxy
host-suffix, byr.pt, proxy
host-suffix, ccfbits.org, proxy
host-suffix, chdbits.co, proxy
host-suffix, cinemaz.to, proxy
host-suffix, dicmusic.com, proxy
host-suffix, eastgame.org, proxy
host-suffix, et8.org, proxy
host-suffix, exoticaz.to, proxy
host-suffix, filelist.io, proxy
host-suffix, greatposterwall.com, proxy
host-suffix, hdbits.org, proxy
host-suffix, hdchina.org, proxy
host-suffix, hdcity.city, proxy
host-suffix, hdfans.org, proxy
host-suffix, hdhome.org, proxy
host-suffix, hdsky.me, proxy
host-suffix, hdtime.org, proxy
host-suffix, hhanclub.top, proxy
host-suffix, hudbt.hust.edu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, iptorrents.com, proxy
host-suffix, jpopsuki.eu, proxy
host-suffix, jptv.club, proxy
host-suffix, keepfrds.com, proxy
host-suffix, lemonhd.org, proxy
host-suffix, m-team.cc, proxy
host-suffix, m-team.io, proxy
host-suffix, morethantv.me, proxy
host-suffix, nanyangpt.com, proxy
host-suffix, npupt.com, proxy
host-suffix, open.cd, proxy
host-suffix, ourbits.club, proxy
host-suffix, passthepopcorn.me, proxy
host-suffix, privatehd.to, proxy
host-suffix, pt.btschool.club, proxy
host-suffix, pt.hd4fans.org, proxy
host-suffix, pt.nwsuaf6.edu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pt.sjtu.edu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pt.soulvoice.club, proxy
host-suffix, pt.xauat.edu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pterclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, pthome.net, proxy
host-suffix, ptsbao.club, proxy
host-suffix, sharkpt.net, proxy
host-suffix, skyey2.com, proxy
host-suffix, springsunday.net, proxy
host-suffix, tju.pt, proxy
host-suffix, tjupt.org, proxy
host-suffix, torrentleech.org, proxy
host-suffix, totheglory.im, proxy
host-suffix, u2.dmhy.org, proxy
host-suffix, uhdbits.org, proxy
host-suffix, zhuque.in, proxy
