# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-communication

host, hammerandchisel.ssl.zendesk.com, proxy
host-suffix, airhorn.solutions, proxy
host-suffix, airhornbot.com, proxy
host-suffix, arewereadyyet.com, proxy
host-suffix, bigbeans.solutions, proxy
host-suffix, cdn-telegram.org, proxy
host-suffix, clubhouse.com, proxy
host-suffix, clubhouseapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, comments.app, proxy
host-suffix, contest.com, proxy
host-suffix, dis.gd, proxy
host-suffix, discord-activities.com, proxy
host-suffix, discord.co, proxy
host-suffix, discord.com, proxy
host-suffix, discord.design, proxy
host-suffix, discord.dev, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gg, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gift, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gifts, proxy
host-suffix, discord.media, proxy
host-suffix, discord.new, proxy
host-suffix, discord.store, proxy
host-suffix, discord.tools, proxy
host-suffix, discordactivities.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.io, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.net, proxy
host-suffix, discordcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordmerch.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordpartygames.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordsays.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordstatus.com, proxy
host-suffix, element.io, proxy
host-suffix, fbmessenger.com, proxy
host-suffix, fragment.com, proxy
host-suffix, freenode.net, proxy
host-suffix, gcld-line.com, proxy
host-suffix, graph.org, proxy
host-suffix, intercom.com, proxy
host-suffix, intercom.io, proxy
host-suffix, intercomassets.com, proxy
host-suffix, intercomcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, joinclubhouse.com, proxy
host-suffix, lin.ee, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps-beta.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps-rc.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-beta.me, proxy
host-suffix, line-cdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, line-scdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, line.biz, proxy
host-suffix, line.me, proxy
host-suffix, line.naver.jp, proxy
host-suffix, linecorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, linefriends.com, proxy
host-suffix, linefriends.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, linegame.jp, proxy
host-suffix, linemobile.com, proxy
host-suffix, linemyshop.com, proxy
host-suffix, lineshoppingseller.com, proxy
host-suffix, linetv.tw, proxy
host-suffix, m.me, proxy
host-suffix, matrix.org, proxy
host-suffix, matrix.to, proxy
host-suffix, messenger.com, proxy
host-suffix, modular.im, proxy
host-suffix, nbabot.net, proxy
host-suffix, nhncorp.jp, proxy
host-suffix, quiz.directory, proxy
host-suffix, riot.im, proxy
host-suffix, signal.art, proxy
host-suffix, signal.org, proxy
host-suffix, signalusers.org, proxy
host-suffix, slack-core.com, proxy
host-suffix, slack-edge.com, proxy
host-suffix, slack-files.com, proxy
host-suffix, slack-imgs.com, proxy
host-suffix, slack-msgs.com, proxy
host-suffix, slack-redir.net, proxy
host-suffix, slack.com, proxy
host-suffix, slackb.com, proxy
host-suffix, slackcertified.com, proxy
host-suffix, slackdemo.com, proxy
host-suffix, slackhq.com, proxy
host-suffix, t.me, proxy
host-suffix, tdesktop.com, proxy
host-suffix, telega.one, proxy
host-suffix, telegra.ph, proxy
host-suffix, telegram-cdn.org, proxy
host-suffix, telegram.dog, proxy
host-suffix, telegram.me, proxy
host-suffix, telegram.org, proxy
host-suffix, telegram.space, proxy
host-suffix, telesco.pe, proxy
host-suffix, tg.dev, proxy
host-suffix, tx.me, proxy
host-suffix, usercontent.dev, proxy
host-suffix, vector.im, proxy
host-suffix, wa.me, proxy
host-suffix, watchanimeattheoffice.com, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp-plus.info, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp-plus.me, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp-plus.net, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.cc, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.info, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.net, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.org, proxy
host-suffix, whatsapp.tv, proxy
host-suffix, whatsappbrand.com, proxy
host-suffix, whispersystems.org, proxy
