# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-games

host, gog.qtlglb.com, proxy
host, gogalaxy.gog-statics.com, proxy
host, menu-static.gog-statics.com, proxy
host, productcard.gog-statics.com, proxy
host, static-login.gog-statics.com, proxy
host, uplaypc-s-ubisoft.cdn.ubi.com, proxy
host, www4-static.gog-statics.com, proxy
host, xz.pphimalayanrt.com, proxy
host-suffix, 17roco.com, proxy
host-suffix, anticheatexpert.com, proxy
host-suffix, battlecare.net, proxy
host-suffix, bcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, benghuai.com, proxy
host-suffix, bh3.com, proxy
host-suffix, bhsr.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.com, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, bluearchive-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, brawlstars.cn, proxy
host-suffix, codm.com, proxy
host-suffix, csgo.wmsj.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dl.steam.clngaa.com, proxy
host-suffix, dl.steam.ksyna.com, proxy
host-suffix, dota2.wmsj.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ffbuddy.com, proxy
host-suffix, gamebonfire.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameitop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameloop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstest.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstestonly.com, proxy
host-suffix, gclouddolphin.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudsdk.com, proxy
host-suffix, gdtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.org, proxy
host-suffix, gotolink.net, proxy
host-suffix, gouhuo.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtgres.com, proxy
host-suffix, happyhlddz.com, proxy
host-suffix, haydaypop.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hdyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, hkgcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.com, proxy
host-suffix, in.th, proxy
host-suffix, labycore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, leagueoflegends.cn, proxy
host-suffix, legendofzelda.cn, proxy
host-suffix, legendofzelda.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lpl.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludosuperstar.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludoworld.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongai.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, mariokart.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mariokart.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, metalrevolution.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhystatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhyurl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, midasbuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihayo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihayou.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyocg.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyogift.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyomall.com, proxy
host-suffix, miitomo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, miyoushe.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.net, proxy
host-suffix, nagcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextstudios.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextworkshop.net, proxy
host-suffix, nintendolabo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nintendoswitch.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nintendoswitch.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, proximabeta.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubghelper.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubgno1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pubgtool.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqgameapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, realcybertron.com, proxy
host-suffix, rmwxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, robloxdev.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roco.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, sccreator.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreators.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scescdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scid.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scsentry.cn, proxy
host-suffix, skydweller.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sl916.com, proxy
host-suffix, st.dl.bscstorage.net, proxy
host-suffix, st.dl.eccdnx.com, proxy
host-suffix, st.dl.pinyuncloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, steamchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, steampipe.steamcontent.tnkjmec.com, proxy
host-suffix, steampowered.com.8686c.com, proxy
host-suffix, steamstatic.com.8686c.com, proxy
host-suffix, supercellcommunity.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supercellsupport.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supermariobros.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supersmashbros.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supersmashbros.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, syxlgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-gcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentstart.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, themisweeps.com, proxy
host-suffix, timibase.com, proxy
host-suffix, videoxiaoyouxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, wcbygame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wegameplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, werepository.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wmsjsteam.com, proxy
host-suffix, xboxlive.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xn--mts47c3w9b1qr.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xn--owtw8cc49ajfl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yuanshen.com, proxy
host-suffix, yxdmgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yximg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yxwsgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yzyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zcjbgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuoyuegame.com, proxy
