# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-orgs

host, csis-prod.s3.amazonaws.com, proxy
host-suffix, 4pcdn.org, proxy
host-suffix, 4plebs.org, proxy
host-suffix, aomedia.org, proxy
host-suffix, archive-it.org, proxy
host-suffix, archive.org, proxy
host-suffix, archive.ph, proxy
host-suffix, archive.today, proxy
host-suffix, atypi.org, proxy
host-suffix, ccstatic.org, proxy
host-suffix, change.org, proxy
host-suffix, computer.org, proxy
host-suffix, comsoc.org, proxy
host-suffix, creativecommons.engineering, proxy
host-suffix, creativecommons.org, proxy
host-suffix, csis.org, proxy
host-suffix, datasheets360.com, proxy
host-suffix, embs.org, proxy
host-suffix, emcs.org, proxy
host-suffix, emojipedia.org, proxy
host-suffix, f-dro1d.org, proxy
host-suffix, f-droid.com, proxy
host-suffix, f-droid.org, proxy
host-suffix, fdroid.org, proxy
host-suffix, globalsecurity.org, proxy
host-suffix, globalspec.com, proxy
host-suffix, grss-ieee.org, proxy
host-suffix, iana.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-aess.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-cas.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ccnc.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ceda.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ecce.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-edusociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ies.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ims.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-into-focus.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-isto.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-npss.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-pels.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-pes.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-ras.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-region6.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-sensors.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-tems.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-uffc.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee-vics.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee.ca, proxy
host-suffix, ieee.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieee.tv, proxy
host-suffix, ieeeaps.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeecsc.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeecss.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeeday.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeedeis.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeefoundation.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeemagnetics.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeemce.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeenano.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeeoes.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeer10.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeer5.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeer8.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeesmc.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeesystemscouncil.org, proxy
host-suffix, ieeeusa.org, proxy
host-suffix, ietf.org, proxy
host-suffix, itsoc.org, proxy
host-suffix, itu.int, proxy
host-suffix, licensebuttons.net, proxy
host-suffix, mtt.org, proxy
host-suffix, nist.gov, proxy
host-suffix, openlibrary.org, proxy
host-suffix, openmaps.org, proxy
host-suffix, openstreetmap.com, proxy
host-suffix, openstreetmap.net, proxy
host-suffix, openstreetmap.org, proxy
host-suffix, openstreetmaps.org, proxy
host-suffix, opte.org, proxy
host-suffix, osm.org, proxy
host-suffix, osmfoundation.org, proxy
host-suffix, paskoocheh.com, proxy
host-suffix, photonicssociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, ppy.sh, proxy
host-suffix, rolfoundation.org, proxy
host-suffix, rolsociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, signalprocessingsociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, smpte.org, proxy
host-suffix, standardsuniversity.org, proxy
host-suffix, stateofthemap.com, proxy
host-suffix, stateofthemap.org, proxy
host-suffix, technologyandsociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, techstreet.com, proxy
host-suffix, time.gov, proxy
host-suffix, tryengineering.org, proxy
host-suffix, un.org, proxy
host-suffix, vtsociety.org, proxy
host-suffix, w3.org, proxy
host-suffix, who.int, proxy
host-suffix, worldemojiawards.com, proxy
host-suffix, worldemojiday.com, proxy
host-suffix, wto.org, proxy
host-suffix, xn--yt8h.la, proxy
