# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-news-ir

host-suffix, 7sobh.com, proxy
host-suffix, abrarnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, aftabeyazd.ir, proxy
host-suffix, aftabnews.ir, proxy
host-suffix, alef.ir, proxy
host-suffix, asianews.ir, proxy
host-suffix, asriran.com, proxy
host-suffix, bornanews.ir, proxy
host-suffix, donya-e-eqtesad.com, proxy
host-suffix, ebtekarnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, ecobourse.ir, proxy
host-suffix, eghtesadnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, entekhab.ir, proxy
host-suffix, ettelaat.com, proxy
host-suffix, fararu.com, proxy
host-suffix, farsnews.ir, proxy
host-suffix, financialtribune.com, proxy
host-suffix, hamshahrionline.ir, proxy
host-suffix, hawzahnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, ibena.ir, proxy
host-suffix, ibna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, ilna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, imna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, ipna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, iqna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, iran-newspaper.com, proxy
host-suffix, iraneconomist.com, proxy
host-suffix, irdiplomacy.ir, proxy
host-suffix, irib.ir, proxy
host-suffix, irna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, isna.ir, proxy
host-suffix, jamejamonline.ir, proxy
host-suffix, kayhan.ir, proxy
host-suffix, khabaronline.ir, proxy
host-suffix, khabarvarzeshi.com, proxy
host-suffix, khorasannews.com, proxy
host-suffix, mardomsalari.ir, proxy
host-suffix, mashreghnews.ir, proxy
host-suffix, mehrnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, newspaper.fdn.ir, proxy
host-suffix, pana.ir, proxy
host-suffix, parsine.com, proxy
host-suffix, qodsna.com, proxy
host-suffix, resalat-news.com, proxy
host-suffix, saat24.com, proxy
host-suffix, shabestan.ir, proxy
host-suffix, shana.ir, proxy
host-suffix, sharghdaily.ir, proxy
host-suffix, snn.ir, proxy
host-suffix, sobhanehonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, tabnak.ir, proxy
host-suffix, tasnimnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, tehrantimes.com, proxy
host-suffix, tejaratnews.com, proxy
host-suffix, yjc.ir, proxy
