# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-vpnservices

host, api.bitbroker.cc, proxy
host, api.inforun.work, proxy
host, repo.o2cdn.icu, proxy
host, repo.ou-er.click, proxy
host-suffix, 928.plus, proxy
host-suffix, aaex.uk, proxy
host-suffix, airport-gov-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, amytele.com, proxy
host-suffix, ark.to, proxy
host-suffix, ausososo.click, proxy
host-suffix, ausososo.club, proxy
host-suffix, ausososo.online, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.autos, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.beauty, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.hair, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.lol, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.mom, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.pics, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.quest, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.shop, proxy
host-suffix, ausu.skin, proxy
host-suffix, ausvc.link, proxy
host-suffix, auvpn.net, proxy
host-suffix, baicaonetwork.com, proxy
host-suffix, bighead.group, proxy
host-suffix, blinkload.zone, proxy
host-suffix, boslife.biz, proxy
host-suffix, boslife.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudn.me, proxy
host-suffix, cnix-gov-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, conair.me, proxy
host-suffix, cordcloud.org, proxy
host-suffix, ctyun.online, proxy
host-suffix, cylink.pro, proxy
host-suffix, cylink0122.icu, proxy
host-suffix, dlercloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, dlercloud.me, proxy
host-suffix, dlercloud.org, proxy
host-suffix, dleris.best, proxy
host-suffix, duyaoss.com, proxy
host-suffix, duyaossr.com, proxy
host-suffix, geph.io, proxy
host-suffix, gfw.press, proxy
host-suffix, hitun.io, proxy
host-suffix, hutao.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, iijj.sbs, proxy
host-suffix, justmysocks.net, proxy
host-suffix, justmysocks1.net, proxy
host-suffix, justmysocks2.net, proxy
host-suffix, justmysocks4.net, proxy
host-suffix, maying.co, proxy
host-suffix, mocloudplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, mray.club, proxy
host-suffix, mudfish.net, proxy
host-suffix, muncloud.dog, proxy
host-suffix, n3ro.lol, proxy
host-suffix, n3ro.net, proxy
host-suffix, n3ro.wtf, proxy
host-suffix, nexitally.com, proxy
host-suffix, nexitallysafe.com, proxy
host-suffix, nexitcore.com, proxy
host-suffix, paofu.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, paofuyun.me, proxy
host-suffix, renzhe.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, shadowsocks.com, proxy
host-suffix, shadowsocks.nl, proxy
host-suffix, splashtop.com, proxy
host-suffix, squirrelgroup.net, proxy
host-suffix, squirrelvpn.com, proxy
host-suffix, ssplive.pw, proxy
host-suffix, ssrpass.pw, proxy
host-suffix, stc-server.com, proxy
host-suffix, surflite.co, proxy
host-suffix, surflite.net, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn.com, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn1.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn2.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn3.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn4.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn5.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn6.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, vilavpn7.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, xn--90wwvt03e.com, proxy
host-suffix, xn--d4ty0ojsqzfd.com, proxy
host-suffix, zind.cloud, proxy
