# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-anticensorship

host-suffix, 4everland.io, proxy
host-suffix, ahmia.fi, proxy
host-suffix, akasha.world, proxy
host-suffix, applecensorship.com, proxy
host-suffix, browserleaks.com, proxy
host-suffix, bypasscensorship.org, proxy
host-suffix, c4rex.co, proxy
host-suffix, censorship.ai, proxy
host-suffix, censorship.no, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ipfs.com, proxy
host-suffix, citizenlab.ca, proxy
host-suffix, citizenlab.org, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-ipfs.com, proxy
host-suffix, crustwebsites.net, proxy
host-suffix, dat.foundation, proxy
host-suffix, democracy.earth, proxy
host-suffix, dweb.link, proxy
host-suffix, eff.org, proxy
host-suffix, epicbrowser.com, proxy
host-suffix, ffprofile.com, proxy
host-suffix, freebrowser.org, proxy
host-suffix, freenetproject.org, proxy
host-suffix, freewechat.com, proxy
host-suffix, freeweibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, freezhihu.org, proxy
host-suffix, fteproxy.org, proxy
host-suffix, gateway.pinata.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, geti2p.net, proxy
host-suffix, getlantern.org, proxy
host-suffix, getoutline.org, proxy
host-suffix, gfw.report, proxy
host-suffix, greatfire.org, proxy
host-suffix, guardianproject.info, proxy
host-suffix, haveibeenpwned.com, proxy
host-suffix, hiddify.com, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs-gateway.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.anonymize.com, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.best-practice.se, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.eternum.io, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.eth.aragon.network, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.fleek.co, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.io, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.lain.la, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.runfission.com, proxy
host-suffix, ipfs.tech, proxy
host-suffix, ipns.co, proxy
host-suffix, jitsi.org, proxy
host-suffix, jorropo.net, proxy
host-suffix, lantern.io, proxy
host-suffix, lokinet.org, proxy
host-suffix, nftstorage.link, proxy
host-suffix, ntc.party, proxy
host-suffix, onionshare.org, proxy
host-suffix, ooni.org, proxy
host-suffix, opengw.net, proxy
host-suffix, openvpn.net, proxy
host-suffix, pao-pao.net, proxy
host-suffix, paskoocheh.com, proxy
host-suffix, privacytools.io, proxy
host-suffix, psiphon3.com, proxy
host-suffix, pwnedpasswords.com, proxy
host-suffix, sagernet.org, proxy
host-suffix, shadowsocks.org, proxy
host-suffix, softether-download.com, proxy
host-suffix, softether.org, proxy
host-suffix, sspanel.net, proxy
host-suffix, stunnel.org, proxy
host-suffix, telex.cc, proxy
host-suffix, torproject.org, proxy
host-suffix, tribler.org, proxy
host-suffix, tunsafe.com, proxy
host-suffix, turkeyblocks.org, proxy
host-suffix, twister.net.co, proxy
host-suffix, uproxy.org, proxy
host-suffix, v2fly.org, proxy
host-suffix, v2ray.com, proxy
host-suffix, v2ray.cool, proxy
host-suffix, via0.com, proxy
host-suffix, vpngate.jp, proxy
host-suffix, vpngate.net, proxy
host-suffix, vuvuzela.io, proxy
host-suffix, whonix.org, proxy
host-suffix, wikileaks.org, proxy
host-suffix, wikiunblocked.org, proxy
host-suffix, wireguard.com, proxy
host-suffix, zeronet.io, proxy
