# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-forums

host-suffix, 18p2p.com, proxy
host-suffix, 2ch.net, proxy
host-suffix, 4cdn.org, proxy
host-suffix, 4chan.org, proxy
host-suffix, 4channel.org, proxy
host-suffix, 5ch.net, proxy
host-suffix, 5i01.com, proxy
host-suffix, 6park.com, proxy
host-suffix, 6parkbbs.com, proxy
host-suffix, 6parknews.com, proxy
host-suffix, avsforum.com, proxy
host-suffix, broadbandreports.com, proxy
host-suffix, ck101.com, proxy
host-suffix, ckcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, ckck.fun, proxy
host-suffix, cool18.com, proxy
host-suffix, dcard.cc, proxy
host-suffix, dcard.io, proxy
host-suffix, dcard.link, proxy
host-suffix, dcard.tw, proxy
host-suffix, disp.cc, proxy
host-suffix, doom9.org, proxy
host-suffix, dslr.net, proxy
host-suffix, dslreports.com, proxy
host-suffix, eyny.com, proxy
host-suffix, gab.com, proxy
host-suffix, hkgolden.com, proxy
host-suffix, hkgolden.media, proxy
host-suffix, hydrogenaud.io, proxy
host-suffix, lih.kg, proxy
host-suffix, lihkg.com, proxy
host-suffix, mewe.com, proxy
host-suffix, mobile01.com, proxy
host-suffix, parler.com, proxy
host-suffix, pimg.tw, proxy
host-suffix, pincong.rocks, proxy
host-suffix, pixanalytics.com, proxy
host-suffix, pixfs.net, proxy
host-suffix, pixinsight.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, pixnet.cc, proxy
host-suffix, pixnet.net, proxy
host-suffix, pixnet.pro, proxy
host-suffix, pixnet.tw, proxy
host-suffix, pixplug.in, proxy
host-suffix, poe.com, proxy
host-suffix, poecdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, ptt.cc, proxy
host-suffix, ptt2.cc, proxy
host-suffix, ptt3.cc, proxy
host-suffix, qr.ae, proxy
host-suffix, quora.com, proxy
host-suffix, quoracdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, redd.it, proxy
host-suffix, reddit.app.link, proxy
host-suffix, reddit.com, proxy
host-suffix, redditmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, redditmedia.com, proxy
host-suffix, redditstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, safechat.com, proxy
host-suffix, sis001.com, proxy
host-suffix, v2ex.com, proxy
host-suffix, yamibo.com, proxy
