# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-scholar-cn

host, www.libvideo.com, proxy
host-suffix, 16q.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 51ccd.com, proxy
host-suffix, 5read.com, proxy
host-suffix, aichaoxing.com, proxy
host-suffix, airitilibrary.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ancientbooks.cn, proxy
host-suffix, apabi.com, proxy
host-suffix, bjinfobank.com, proxy
host-suffix, blyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccf.org.cn, proxy
host-suffix, chaoxing.cc, proxy
host-suffix, chaoxing.com, proxy
host-suffix, chaoxingv.com, proxy
host-suffix, chinabooktrading.com, proxy
host-suffix, cidp.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cnbksy.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnki.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cnki.net, proxy
host-suffix, cnsciedu.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnthinkers.com, proxy
host-suffix, cqvip.com, proxy
host-suffix, crggcn.com, proxy
host-suffix, csdl.ac.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cspro.org, proxy
host-suffix, cxbiji.com, proxy
host-suffix, data.pharmacodia.com, proxy
host-suffix, drcnet.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, duxiu.com, proxy
host-suffix, er07.com, proxy
host-suffix, ersjk.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtarsc.com, proxy
host-suffix, hongbo100.com, proxy
host-suffix, htcases.com, proxy
host-suffix, hwshu.com, proxy
host-suffix, hytung.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ibcet.org, proxy
host-suffix, incopat.com, proxy
host-suffix, iscas.ac.cn, proxy
host-suffix, las.ac.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lawyee.org, proxy
host-suffix, lnlib.net, proxy
host-suffix, medicexam.net, proxy
host-suffix, mndqlib.net, proxy
host-suffix, mti100.com, proxy
host-suffix, neohytung.com, proxy
host-suffix, nihaoafrica.org, proxy
host-suffix, nihaorwanda.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nmrdata.com, proxy
host-suffix, noi.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nssd.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pishu.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pkulaw.com, proxy
host-suffix, rdfybk.com, proxy
host-suffix, resset.com, proxy
host-suffix, sbsjk.com, proxy
host-suffix, sciencechina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sslawy.com, proxy
host-suffix, sslibrary.com, proxy
host-suffix, ssreader.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ssreader.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ssvideo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ssvideo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, study360.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, superlib.com, proxy
host-suffix, superlib.net, proxy
host-suffix, tokyotrial.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tongxianghuicn.com, proxy
host-suffix, twscholar.com, proxy
host-suffix, umajor.net, proxy
host-suffix, unihan.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, uonline-sh.com, proxy
host-suffix, uonline-sh.net, proxy
host-suffix, vipexam.org, proxy
host-suffix, wanfangdata.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wenxin-ge.com, proxy
host-suffix, wf.pub, proxy
host-suffix, wind.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xuexi365.com, proxy
host-suffix, xuexi365.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xuexi365.net, proxy
host-suffix, xxtmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, yiigle.com, proxy
host-suffix, ylike.net, proxy
host-suffix, zaifan.com, proxy
host-suffix, zaifan.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zhihang100.com, proxy
