# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-gov-ru

host-suffix, adygeya.ru, proxy
host-suffix, altai.ru, proxy
host-suffix, amur.ru, proxy
host-suffix, arkhangelsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, astrakhan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, bashkiria.ru, proxy
host-suffix, belgorod.ru, proxy
host-suffix, bir.ru, proxy
host-suffix, bryansk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, buryatia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, cbg.ru, proxy
host-suffix, cbr.ru, proxy
host-suffix, chel.ru, proxy
host-suffix, chelyabinsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, chita.ru, proxy
host-suffix, chukotka.ru, proxy
host-suffix, chuvashia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, crimea.ru, proxy
host-suffix, dagestan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, edu.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ekburg.ru, proxy
host-suffix, emias.info, proxy
host-suffix, gosuslugi.ru, proxy
host-suffix, gov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, government.ru, proxy
host-suffix, grozny.ru, proxy
host-suffix, gu-st.ru, proxy
host-suffix, i-ola.ru, proxy
host-suffix, irk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, irkutsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ivanovo.ru, proxy
host-suffix, izhevsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, jamal.ru, proxy
host-suffix, jar.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kalmykia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kaluga.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kamchatka.ru, proxy
host-suffix, karelia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kazan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kchr.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kemerovo.ru, proxy
host-suffix, khabarovsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, khakassia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, khv.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kirov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, koenig.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kostroma.ru, proxy
host-suffix, krasnodar.su, proxy
host-suffix, krasnoyarsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kuban.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kurgan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, kursk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, lipetsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, magadan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mari-el.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mari.ru, proxy
host-suffix, marine.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mgfoms.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mordovia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mos.ru, proxy
host-suffix, mosreg.ru, proxy
host-suffix, murmansk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nalchik.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nalog.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nn.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, novosibirsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, omsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, orb.ru, proxy
host-suffix, oryol.ru, proxy
host-suffix, penza.ru, proxy
host-suffix, perm.ru, proxy
host-suffix, psk, proxy
host-suffix, psk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, pskov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ptz.ru, proxy
host-suffix, rkomi.ru, proxy
host-suffix, rnd.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ryazan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, sakhalin.ru, proxy
host-suffix, samara.ru, proxy
host-suffix, saratov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, sev.ru, proxy
host-suffix, sevastopol.ru, proxy
host-suffix, simbirsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, smolensk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, spb.ru, proxy
host-suffix, stavropol.ru, proxy
host-suffix, stv.ru, proxy
host-suffix, surgut.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tambov.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tatarstan.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tom.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tomsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tsaritsyn.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tsk.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tula.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tuva.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tver.ru, proxy
host-suffix, tyumen.ru, proxy
host-suffix, udm.ru, proxy
host-suffix, udmurtia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ulan-ude.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vl.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vladikavkaz.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vladimir.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vladivostok.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vlg.ru, proxy
host-suffix, volgograd.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vologda.ru, proxy
host-suffix, voronezh.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vrn.ru, proxy
host-suffix, vyatka.ru, proxy
host-suffix, xn--80acgfbsl1azdqr.xn--p1ai, proxy
host-suffix, yakutia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yamal.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yaroslavl.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yuzhno-sakhalinsk.ru, proxy
