# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-bank-cn

host-suffix, 8008205555.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 8008205555.com, proxy
host-suffix, 95516.com, proxy
host-suffix, 95516.net, proxy
host-suffix, 95588.com, proxy
host-suffix, 95588.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, abchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, bank-of-china.com, proxy
host-suffix, bankcomm.com, proxy
host-suffix, bankofbeijing.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bankofchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, boc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocamchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocaviation.com, proxy
host-suffix, boccfc.cc, proxy
host-suffix, boccfc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocfullertonbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocgi.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocgins.com, proxy
host-suffix, bochk.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocichina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocichina.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocichina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocifunds.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocifunds.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocifunds.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bocigroup.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocim.com, proxy
host-suffix, bocservices.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bosc.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bsb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccb-life.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccb.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccb.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbcos.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccbfund.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbfund.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccbfund.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbfutures.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbfutures.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccbintl.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, ccbleasing.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccblife-test.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbseoul.com, proxy
host-suffix, ccbtrust.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ccbxt.com, proxy
host-suffix, cgbchina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, chinaunionpay.com, proxy
host-suffix, chinaunionpay.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, chinaunionpay.net, proxy
host-suffix, cib.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cignacmb-ipmi.com, proxy
host-suffix, cignacmb.com, proxy
host-suffix, cignacmbamc.com, proxy
host-suffix, citibank.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmb-leasing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmbc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmbchina.biz, proxy
host-suffix, cmbchina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmbchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmbi.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, cmbimg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmbimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmbt.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmbuat.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmburl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cmbwinglungbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmf.biz, proxy
host-suffix, cmf.ltd, proxy
host-suffix, cmfchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, cmfunds.cn, proxy
host-suffix, csxbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, cup.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cup62.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dccnet.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, hsbc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hxb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icbc, proxy
host-suffix, icbc-at.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbc-cz.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbc-ltd.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbc-uk.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbc-us.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.ae, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.be, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.co.nl, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.es, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.kh, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.kw, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.la, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.mm, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.mo, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.pk, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.qa, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.com.vn, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.de, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.eu, proxy
host-suffix, icbc.lu, proxy
host-suffix, icbcalmaty.kz, proxy
host-suffix, icbcasia.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcbr.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, icbccs.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icbccstz.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icbci.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, icbcina.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcindia.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcit.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbclondon.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcmanila.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icbcme.ae, proxy
host-suffix, icbcmoscow.ru, proxy
host-suffix, icbcmy.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcnz.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcpanama.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcparis.fr, proxy
host-suffix, icbcpl.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcstandard.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcstandardbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcstandardresources.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcstandardsecurities.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcswiss.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbcthai.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbkfs.com, proxy
host-suffix, icbkus.com, proxy
host-suffix, kcbebank.com, proxy
host-suffix, kshbank.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ms-bank.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mybank.cn, proxy
host-suffix, newupbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, njcb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, onebank.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, psbc.com, proxy
host-suffix, shrbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, spdb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, suningbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, test-cignacmb.com, proxy
host-suffix, unionpay.com, proxy
host-suffix, unionpay.net, proxy
host-suffix, unionpayintl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, unionpayintl.com, proxy
host-suffix, unionpaysecure.com, proxy
host-suffix, webank.com, proxy
host-suffix, webankcdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, wegobank.cn, proxy
host-suffix, whccb.com, proxy
host-suffix, wxsbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, xa-bank.com, proxy
host-suffix, xwbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, yillionbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, ymbank.com, proxy
host-suffix, z-bank.com, proxy
host-suffix, zgcbank.com, proxy
