# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-social-media-cn

host-suffix, 97973.com, proxy
host-suffix, adimages.sina.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, bcy.net, proxy
host-suffix, bcyimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, dandan818.com, proxy
host-suffix, dandanvoice.com, proxy
host-suffix, douban.com, proxy
host-suffix, douban.fm, proxy
host-suffix, doubanio.com, proxy
host-suffix, gracg.com, proxy
host-suffix, lf-rc1.yhgfb-cn-static.com, proxy
host-suffix, oascentral.sina.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, picself.cn, proxy
host-suffix, procg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sina.com, proxy
host-suffix, sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sina.net, proxy
host-suffix, sinaapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, sinaedge.com, proxy
host-suffix, sinaimg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sinaimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, sinajs.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sinajs.com, proxy
host-suffix, t.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tieba.baidu.com, proxy
host-suffix, tieba.com, proxy
host-suffix, videoself.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wbimg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wbimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, wcdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, weibo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, weibocdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, xhaiwai.com, proxy
host-suffix, xhscdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, xhscdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, xiaohongshu.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhihu.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhimg.com, proxy
