# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/category-cas

host, cdn.globalsigncdn.com.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host, cdn.js7k.com, proxy
host, certs-lb.apple.com.akadns.net, proxy
host, certs.apple.com, proxy
host, clients1.google.com, proxy
host, crl-lb.apple.com.akadns.net, proxy
host, crl.apple.com, proxy
host, crl.microsoft.com, proxy
host, mscrl.microsoft.com, proxy
host, ocsp-lb.apple.com.akadns.net, proxy
host, ocsp.apple.com, proxy
host, ocsp.microsoft.com, proxy
host, ocsp2-lb.apple.com.akadns.net, proxy
host, ocsp2.apple.com, proxy
host, oneocsp.microsoft.com, proxy
host, pki-goog.l.google.com, proxy
host, pki.google.com, proxy
host, www.microsoft.com, proxy
host-suffix, accv.es, proxy
host-suffix, actalis.com, proxy
host-suffix, actalis.it, proxy
host-suffix, affirmtrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, alphassl.com, proxy
host-suffix, amazontrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, aoc.cat, proxy
host-suffix, atos.net, proxy
host-suffix, awstrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, buypass-ssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, buypass.com, proxy
host-suffix, buypass.no, proxy
host-suffix, buypass.se, proxy
host-suffix, camerfirma.com, proxy
host-suffix, catcert.cat, proxy
host-suffix, certificat2.com, proxy
host-suffix, certinomis.com, proxy
host-suffix, certinomis.fr, proxy
host-suffix, certsign.ro, proxy
host-suffix, certum.pl, proxy
host-suffix, comodo.com, proxy
host-suffix, comodo.net, proxy
host-suffix, comodoca.com, proxy
host-suffix, comodoca2.com, proxy
host-suffix, comodoca3.com, proxy
host-suffix, comodoca4.com, proxy
host-suffix, cybertrust.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, cybertrust.ne.jp, proxy
host-suffix, d-trust.net, proxy
host-suffix, dcocsp.cn, proxy
host-suffix, digicert-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, digicert-validation.com, proxy
host-suffix, digicert.cn, proxy
host-suffix, digicert.com, proxy
host-suffix, digital-id.ch, proxy
host-suffix, digitalcertvalidation.com, proxy
host-suffix, digitalid.ch, proxy
host-suffix, e-szigno.hu, proxy
host-suffix, e-tugra.com, proxy
host-suffix, easy-signing.com, proxy
host-suffix, eca.hinet.net, proxy
host-suffix, ecert.gov.hk, proxy
host-suffix, enterprisessl.com, proxy
host-suffix, entrust.net, proxy
host-suffix, entrustdatacard.com, proxy
host-suffix, firmaprofesional.com, proxy
host-suffix, flic.kr, proxy
host-suffix, flickr, proxy
host-suffix, flickr.com, proxy
host-suffix, flickr.net, proxy
host-suffix, fnmt.es, proxy
host-suffix, freessl.com, proxy
host-suffix, gandi.net, proxy
host-suffix, geotrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign-media.com, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.be, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.ch, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.cn, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.com, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.es, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.eu, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.fr, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.net, proxy
host-suffix, globalsign.nl, proxy
host-suffix, globalsigncdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, godaddy, proxy
host-suffix, godaddy.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtlsca.nat.gov.tw, proxy
host-suffix, hackerguardian.com, proxy
host-suffix, harica.gr, proxy
host-suffix, hongkongpost.gov.hk, proxy
host-suffix, identrust.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, identrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, identrust.net, proxy
host-suffix, incommon-rsa.org, proxy
host-suffix, infocert.digital, proxy
host-suffix, infocert.it, proxy
host-suffix, instantssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, lencr.org, proxy
host-suffix, letsencrypt.com, proxy
host-suffix, letsencrypt.org, proxy
host-suffix, maktoob.com, proxy
host-suffix, managed-pki.ch, proxy
host-suffix, managed-pki.de, proxy
host-suffix, managedpki.com, proxy
host-suffix, managedpki.ne.jp, proxy
host-suffix, minid.no, proxy
host-suffix, msocsp.com, proxy
host-suffix, myatos.net, proxy
host-suffix, myguide.hk, proxy
host-suffix, myvodafone.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, myvodafone.com.ws, proxy
host-suffix, netlock.hu, proxy
host-suffix, netsolssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, oath.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, oath.com, proxy
host-suffix, ocsp-certum.com, proxy
host-suffix, ocsp-responder.com, proxy
host-suffix, oemssl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, oemssl.cn.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, omniroot.com, proxy
host-suffix, optimumssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, ouroath.com, proxy
host-suffix, pki-post.ch, proxy
host-suffix, pki-posta.ch, proxy
host-suffix, pki-poste.ch, proxy
host-suffix, pki.goog, proxy
host-suffix, positivessl.com, proxy
host-suffix, public-trust.com, proxy
host-suffix, quovadisglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, rapidssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, root-signing.ch, proxy
host-suffix, rootsigning.com, proxy
host-suffix, secom.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, secomtrust.net, proxy
host-suffix, sectigo.com, proxy
host-suffix, sectigochina.com, proxy
host-suffix, sectigochina.com.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, ss2.us, proxy
host-suffix, ssl-certificate.ch, proxy
host-suffix, ssl.com, proxy
host-suffix, sslcom.cn, proxy
host-suffix, starfieldtech.com, proxy
host-suffix, static-verizon.com, proxy
host-suffix, staticflickr.com, proxy
host-suffix, swissid.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swissign.com, proxy
host-suffix, swissign.li, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign-group.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign-group.com, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign-group.li, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign.com, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign.li, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign.net, proxy
host-suffix, swisssign.org, proxy
host-suffix, swisssigner.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swisssigner.com, proxy
host-suffix, swisssigngroup.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swisssigngroup.com, proxy
host-suffix, swissstick.com, proxy
host-suffix, swisstsa.ch, proxy
host-suffix, swisstsa.li, proxy
host-suffix, symantec.com, proxy
host-suffix, symcb.com, proxy
host-suffix, symcd.com, proxy
host-suffix, techcrunch.com, proxy
host-suffix, telekom.com, proxy
host-suffix, telekom.de, proxy
host-suffix, telesec.de, proxy
host-suffix, thawte.com, proxy
host-suffix, thawte.de, proxy
host-suffix, thawte.fr, proxy
host-suffix, trendmicro.com, proxy
host-suffix, trust-provider.cn, proxy
host-suffix, trust-provider.com, proxy
host-suffix, trustcor.ca, proxy
host-suffix, trustcor.com, proxy
host-suffix, trustdoc.ch, proxy
host-suffix, trustisfps.com, proxy
host-suffix, trustsign.ch, proxy
host-suffix, trustwave.com, proxy
host-suffix, twca.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, uplynk.com, proxy
host-suffix, usertrust.com, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.asia, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.biz, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.ch, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.es, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.com.vn, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.de, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.dk, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.es, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.fr, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.hk, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.in, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.info, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.jobs, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.name, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.net, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.org, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.pro, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.se, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.sg, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.tw, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.us, proxy
host-suffix, verisign.vn, proxy
host-suffix, verisigninc.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizon.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizon.net, proxy
host-suffix, verizonbusinessfios.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizondigitalmedia.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizonenterprise.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizonfios.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizonmedia.com, proxy
host-suffix, verizonwireless.com, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.com, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.de, proxy
host-suffix, vodafone.it, proxy
host-suffix, vzw.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisecoin.com, proxy
host-suffix, wiseid.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisekey.com, proxy
host-suffix, wisekey.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, x.co, proxy
host-suffix, xo.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo-news.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ae, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.am, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.as, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.at, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.az, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ba, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.be, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bs, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.by, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ca, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cat, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cd, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ch, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ao, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.bw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ck, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.cr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.mz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.tz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.uz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ve, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.vi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.af, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ag, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ai, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ar, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bd, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.co, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.do, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ec, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.eg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.es, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.fj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.gi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.gt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.kw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.lb, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ly, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.mt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.na, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.nf, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.om, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pa, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ph, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.py, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sa, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sb, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sv, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ua, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.uy, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.vc, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.vn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.de, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ee, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.es, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ge, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gp, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gy, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ie, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.im, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.in, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.is, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.it, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.je, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.jo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.la, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lv, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.md, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.me, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mx, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.net, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.nl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.no, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.nu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ph, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ps, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ro, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.rw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.se, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sh, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.si, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.so, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.st, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.vg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ws, proxy
host-suffix, yahooapis.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoodns.net, proxy
host-suffix, yahoofinance.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoohealth.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoomusic.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoosandbox.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoosportsbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, yho.com, proxy
host-suffix, yimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, yimg.jp, proxy
host-suffix, ymail.com, proxy
host-suffix, yusercontent.com, proxy
host-suffix, zert.ch, proxy
