# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/cloudflare

host-suffix, argotunnel.com, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ipfs.com, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.com, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.net, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.site, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.tech, proxy
host-suffix, cfl.re, proxy
host-suffix, cftest5.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cftest6.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cftest7.com, proxy
host-suffix, cftest8.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-dns.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-ech.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-esni.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-gateway.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-ipfs.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-quic.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare.tv, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareaccess.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareanycast.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareapps.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarebolt.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarechina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareclient.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarecn.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareglobal.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareinsights-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareinsights.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareok.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarepartners.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareperf.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareportal.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarepreview.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareprod.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareresolve.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflaressl.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestaging.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestatus.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestorage.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestoragegw.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestream.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflaretest.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarewarp.com, proxy
host-suffix, every1dns.net, proxy
host-suffix, isbgpsafeyet.com, proxy
host-suffix, one.one.one, proxy
host-suffix, pacloudflare.com, proxy
host-suffix, pages.dev, proxy
host-suffix, trycloudflare.com, proxy
host-suffix, videodelivery.net, proxy
host-suffix, warp.plus, proxy
host-suffix, workers.dev, proxy
