# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/dettol

host-suffix, dettol-prize.com, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.at, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.be, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.ch, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.cl, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.co.ke, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.bd, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.eg, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.ng, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.cz, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.fr, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.hu, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.ie, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.net, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.nl, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.pk, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.pl, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.pt, proxy
host-suffix, dettol.ru, proxy
host-suffix, dettolarabia.com, proxy
host-suffix, dettolcleannaija.com, proxy
host-suffix, dettolsitishield.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, dettolthailand.com, proxy
host-suffix, espadoldettol.com.ar, proxy
