# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/discord

host, hammerandchisel.ssl.zendesk.com, proxy
host-suffix, airhorn.solutions, proxy
host-suffix, airhornbot.com, proxy
host-suffix, bigbeans.solutions, proxy
host-suffix, dis.gd, proxy
host-suffix, discord-activities.com, proxy
host-suffix, discord.co, proxy
host-suffix, discord.com, proxy
host-suffix, discord.design, proxy
host-suffix, discord.dev, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gg, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gift, proxy
host-suffix, discord.gifts, proxy
host-suffix, discord.media, proxy
host-suffix, discord.new, proxy
host-suffix, discord.store, proxy
host-suffix, discord.tools, proxy
host-suffix, discordactivities.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.io, proxy
host-suffix, discordapp.net, proxy
host-suffix, discordcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordmerch.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordpartygames.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordsays.com, proxy
host-suffix, discordstatus.com, proxy
host-suffix, watchanimeattheoffice.com, proxy
