# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/durex

host-suffix, dewitwithdurex.com, proxy
host-suffix, dotherex.com, proxy
host-suffix, durex-shop.ch, proxy
host-suffix, durex-shopline.com, proxy
host-suffix, durex-slovenia.si, proxy
host-suffix, durex.at, proxy
host-suffix, durex.be, proxy
host-suffix, durex.cl, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, durex.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.bd, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.co, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.hr, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.ng, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.ph, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.pk, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, durex.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, durex.cz, proxy
host-suffix, durex.de, proxy
host-suffix, durex.dk, proxy
host-suffix, durex.ee, proxy
host-suffix, durex.es, proxy
host-suffix, durex.fi, proxy
host-suffix, durex.fr, proxy
host-suffix, durex.hu, proxy
host-suffix, durex.ie, proxy
host-suffix, durex.it, proxy
host-suffix, durex.jp, proxy
host-suffix, durex.lv, proxy
host-suffix, durex.mx, proxy
host-suffix, durex.nl, proxy
host-suffix, durex.no, proxy
host-suffix, durex.pl, proxy
host-suffix, durex.pt, proxy
host-suffix, durex.ro, proxy
host-suffix, durex.ru, proxy
host-suffix, durex.se, proxy
host-suffix, durex.us, proxy
host-suffix, durexcam.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexcanada.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexchina.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexchina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, durexindia.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexloveclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexukraine.com, proxy
host-suffix, durexusa.com, proxy
host-suffix, lovesexdurex.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lovesexdurex.com, proxy
host-suffix, playbydurex.com, proxy
host-suffix, shopdurex.com, proxy
host-suffix, trydurex.net, proxy
host-suffix, trydurex.tv, proxy
