# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/facebook

host, fbcdn-a.akamaihd.net, proxy
host-suffix, aboutfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, accessfacebookfromschool.com, proxy
host-suffix, acebooik.com, proxy
host-suffix, acebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, advancediddetection.com, proxy
host-suffix, askfacebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, askfacebook.org, proxy
host-suffix, atdmt2.com, proxy
host-suffix, atlasdmt.com, proxy
host-suffix, atlasonepoint.com, proxy
host-suffix, buyingfacebooklikes.com, proxy
host-suffix, careersatfb.com, proxy
host-suffix, celebgramme.com, proxy
host-suffix, china-facebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, click-url.com, proxy
host-suffix, como-hackearfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, crowdtangle.com, proxy
host-suffix, dacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, dlfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, dotfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, dotfacebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, expresswifi.com, proxy
host-suffix, faacebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faasbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facbebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facbeok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facboo.com, proxy
host-suffix, facbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facbool.com, proxy
host-suffix, facboox.com, proxy
host-suffix, faccebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faccebookk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facdbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facdebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, face-book.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceabook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebboc.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebboook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebcook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebdok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebgook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebhook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebkkk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebo-ok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboak.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebock.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebocke.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebof.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboik.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebokbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebokc.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebokk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebokok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboks.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebol.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebolk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebomok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboo.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooa.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboob.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboobok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooc.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboock.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebood.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooe.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboof.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooi.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooik.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooik.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebooj.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-corp.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-covid-19.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-ebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-forum.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-hardware.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-inc.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-login.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-newsroom.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-newsroom.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-pmdcenter.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-pmdcenter.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-pmdcenter.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-privacy.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-program.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-studio.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-support.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-texas-holdem.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook-texas-holdem.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.br, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.ca, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.cc, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.design, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.hu, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.in, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.nl, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.se, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.shop, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.tv, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.us, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.wang, proxy
host-suffix, facebook123.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook30.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebook30.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebook30.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebook4business.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookads.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookadvertisingsecrets.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookatschool.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookawards.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookblueprint.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookbrand.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookbrand.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcanadianelectionintegrityinitiative.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcareer.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcheats.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookck.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcom.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookconsultant.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcoronavirus.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcovers.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookcredits.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookdating.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookdusexe.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookemail.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookenespanol.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookexchange.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookexchange.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookflow.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookgames.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookgraphsearch.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookgraphsearch.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookgroups.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookhome.cc, proxy
host-suffix, facebookhome.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookhome.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookhub.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooki.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookinc.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookland.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklikeexchange.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklive.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklivestaging.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklivestaging.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklogin.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklogin.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookloginhelp.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebooklogs.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmail.tv, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmanager.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmarketing.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmarketingpartner.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmarketingpartners.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmobile.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookmsn.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooknews.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooknfl.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooknude.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookofsex.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpaper.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpay.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookphonenumber.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookphoto.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookphotos.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpmdcenter.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpoke.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpoke.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpoker.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookpokerchips.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebookporn.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookporn.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookporno.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookportal.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooks.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksafety.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksecurity.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookshop.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksignup.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksite.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookstories.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookstudios.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebookstudios.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksupplier.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksuppliers.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookswagemea.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookswagstore.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebooksz.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookthreads.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebooktv.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebooktv.org, proxy
host-suffix, facebookvacation.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookw.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookwork.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebookworld.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebool.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebool.info, proxy
host-suffix, facebooll.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboom.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboon.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboonk.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboooik.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboop.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboot.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceboox.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebopk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebpook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebuk.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebuok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebvook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebyook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facebzook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facecbgook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facecbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facecbook.org, proxy
host-suffix, facecook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facecook.org, proxy
host-suffix, facedbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceebot.com, proxy
host-suffix, facegbok.com, proxy
host-suffix, facegbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceobk.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceobok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceobook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faceook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facerbooik.com, proxy
host-suffix, facerbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facesbooc.com, proxy
host-suffix, facesounds.com, proxy
host-suffix, facetook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facevbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facewbook.co, proxy
host-suffix, facewook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facfebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fackebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facnbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facrbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facvebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facwebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, facxebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fadebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faebookc.com, proxy
host-suffix, faeboook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faecebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, faesebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fafacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faicbooc.com, proxy
host-suffix, fasebokk.com, proxy
host-suffix, fasebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faseboox.com, proxy
host-suffix, favebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, faycbok.com, proxy
host-suffix, fb.careers, proxy
host-suffix, fb.com, proxy
host-suffix, fb.gg, proxy
host-suffix, fb.me, proxy
host-suffix, fb.watch, proxy
host-suffix, fbacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbbmarket.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbboostyourbusiness.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbcdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, fbfeedback.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbhome.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbidb.io, proxy
host-suffix, fbinc.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbinnovation.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbmarketing.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbreg.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbrpms.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbsbx.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbsbx.net, proxy
host-suffix, fbsupport-covid.net, proxy
host-suffix, fbthirdpartypixel.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbthirdpartypixel.net, proxy
host-suffix, fbthirdpartypixel.org, proxy
host-suffix, fburl.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbwat.ch, proxy
host-suffix, fbworkmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcaebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcebookk.com, proxy
host-suffix, fcfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fdacebook.info, proxy
host-suffix, feacboo.com, proxy
host-suffix, feacbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, feacbooke.com, proxy
host-suffix, feacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fecbbok.com, proxy
host-suffix, fecbooc.com, proxy
host-suffix, fecbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, feceboock.com, proxy
host-suffix, fecebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, feceboox.com, proxy
host-suffix, fececbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, feook.com, proxy
host-suffix, ferabook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fescebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fesebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, ffacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fgacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, ficeboock.com, proxy
host-suffix, fmcebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fnacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fosebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fpacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fqcebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fracebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, freeb.com, proxy
host-suffix, freebasics.com, proxy
host-suffix, freebasics.net, proxy
host-suffix, freebs.com, proxy
host-suffix, freefacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, freefacebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, freefacebookads.net, proxy
host-suffix, freefblikes.com, proxy
host-suffix, freindfeed.com, proxy
host-suffix, friendbook.info, proxy
host-suffix, friendfed.com, proxy
host-suffix, friendfeed-api.com, proxy
host-suffix, friendfeed-media.com, proxy
host-suffix, friendfeed.com, proxy
host-suffix, friendfeedmedia.com, proxy
host-suffix, fsacebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, fscebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fundraisingwithfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, funnyfacebook.org, proxy
host-suffix, futureofbusinesssurvey.org, proxy
host-suffix, gacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameroom.com, proxy
host-suffix, gfacecbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, graph.fbpigeon.com, proxy
host-suffix, groups.com, proxy
host-suffix, hackerfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, hackfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, hackfacebookid.com, proxy
host-suffix, hifacebook.info, proxy
host-suffix, howtohackfacebook-account.com, proxy
host-suffix, hsfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, httpfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, httpsfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, httpwwwfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, i.org, proxy
host-suffix, internet.org, proxy
host-suffix, klik.me, proxy
host-suffix, liverail.com, proxy
host-suffix, liverail.tv, proxy
host-suffix, login-account.net, proxy
host-suffix, markzuckerberg.com, proxy
host-suffix, midentsolutions.com, proxy
host-suffix, mobilefacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, moneywithfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, myfbfans.com, proxy
host-suffix, newsfeed.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextstop.com, proxy
host-suffix, online-deals.net, proxy
host-suffix, opencreate.org, proxy
host-suffix, reachtheworldonfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, redkix.com, proxy
host-suffix, rocksdb.org, proxy
host-suffix, shopfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, sportsfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, sportstream.com, proxy
host-suffix, supportfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, terragraph.com, proxy
host-suffix, thefacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, thefacebook.net, proxy
host-suffix, thefind.com, proxy
host-suffix, toplayerserver.com, proxy
host-suffix, viewpointsfromfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, whyfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, workplace.com, proxy
host-suffix, workplaceusecases.com, proxy
host-suffix, worldhack.com, proxy
host-suffix, www-facebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, wwwfacebok.com, proxy
host-suffix, wwwfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, wwwmfacebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, zuckerberg.com, proxy
host-suffix, zuckerberg.net, proxy
