# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/geolocation-cn

host, kc.kexinshe.com, proxy
host-suffix, 17roco.com, proxy
host-suffix, a2z.org.cn, proxy
host-suffix, amazonaws.cn, proxy
host-suffix, amazonaws.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, amazonwebservices.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, amazonworkdocs.cn, proxy
host-suffix, amazonworkdocs.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, anticheatexpert.com, proxy
host-suffix, asfiovnxocqpcry.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, aws-border.cn, proxy
host-suffix, aws-icp-domain-manager.cn, proxy
host-suffix, awsapps.cn, proxy
host-suffix, awsapps.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, awsstatic.cn, proxy
host-suffix, battlecare.net, proxy
host-suffix, bcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, benghuai.com, proxy
host-suffix, bh3.com, proxy
host-suffix, bhsr.com, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, bilibiligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.co, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.com, proxy
host-suffix, biligame.net, proxy
host-suffix, bisheng.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bishengcompiler.cn, proxy
host-suffix, bluepoch.com, proxy
host-suffix, brawlstars.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.com, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.net, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.site, proxy
host-suffix, cf-ns.tech, proxy
host-suffix, cftest5.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cftest6.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cftest7.com, proxy
host-suffix, cftest8.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflare-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareanycast.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarechina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarecn.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareglobal.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareinsights-cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareperf.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflareprod.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestaging.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudflarestoragegw.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudfront-cn.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudfront-test.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloudfront.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cn.pool.ntp.org, proxy
host-suffix, codm.com, proxy
host-suffix, coze.cn, proxy
host-suffix, devui.design, proxy
host-suffix, doubao.com, proxy
host-suffix, ffbuddy.com, proxy
host-suffix, gamebonfire.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameitop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameloop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstest.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstestonly.com, proxy
host-suffix, gclouddolphin.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudsdk.com, proxy
host-suffix, gdtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, gneec.com, proxy
host-suffix, gneec.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gneec3.com, proxy
host-suffix, gneec4.com, proxy
host-suffix, gneec7.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.org, proxy
host-suffix, gotolink.net, proxy
host-suffix, gouhuo.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtgres.com, proxy
host-suffix, happyhlddz.com, proxy
host-suffix, harmonyos.com, proxy
host-suffix, haydaypop.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hdyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, hiascend.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hiascend.com, proxy
host-suffix, hiclc.com, proxy
host-suffix, hikunpeng.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hikunpeng.com, proxy
host-suffix, hikunpeng.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hikunpeng.net, proxy
host-suffix, hisilicon.com, proxy
host-suffix, hisilicon.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hkgcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, huaweiapaas.com, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.com, proxy
host-suffix, in.th, proxy
host-suffix, labycore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludosuperstar.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludoworld.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongai.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, metalrevolution.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhystatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhyurl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, midasbuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihayo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihayou.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyocg.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyogift.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyomall.com, proxy
host-suffix, mindspore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, miyoushe.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.net, proxy
host-suffix, nagcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextstudios.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextworkshop.net, proxy
host-suffix, ntp.neu.edu.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ntp.ntsc.ac.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ntp.org.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nwcdcloud.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nwcdcloud.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nwcddns.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nwcdinfosec.cn, proxy
host-suffix, owsgo.com, proxy
host-suffix, proximabeta.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubghelper.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubgno1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pubgtool.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqgameapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, realcybertron.com, proxy
host-suffix, rmwxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, robloxdev.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roco.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, route53.cn, proxy
host-suffix, saasops.tech, proxy
host-suffix, sagemaker.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreator.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreators.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scescdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scid.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scsentry.cn, proxy
host-suffix, skydweller.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sl916.com, proxy
host-suffix, supercellcommunity.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supercellsupport.cn, proxy
host-suffix, syxlgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, teleows.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-gcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentstart.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, themisweeps.com, proxy
host-suffix, timibase.com, proxy
host-suffix, videoxiaoyouxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, wcbygame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wegameplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, werepository.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, weui.io, proxy
host-suffix, xn--owtw8cc49ajfl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yuanshen.com, proxy
host-suffix, yxdmgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yximg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yxwsgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yzyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zcjbgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuoyuegame.com, proxy
