# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/google-scholar

host, scholar.google.ae, proxy
host, scholar.google.at, proxy
host, scholar.google.be, proxy
host, scholar.google.bg, proxy
host, scholar.google.ca, proxy
host, scholar.google.cat, proxy
host, scholar.google.ch, proxy
host, scholar.google.cl, proxy
host, scholar.google.cn, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.cr, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.id, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.il, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.in, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.jp, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.kr, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.nz, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.th, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.uk, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.ve, proxy
host, scholar.google.co.za, proxy
host, scholar.google.com, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ar, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.au, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.bo, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.br, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.co, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.cu, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.do, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ec, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.eg, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.gt, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.hk, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ly, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.mx, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.my, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ni, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.pa, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.pe, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ph, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.pk, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.pr, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.py, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.sg, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.sv, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.tr, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.tw, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.ua, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.uy, proxy
host, scholar.google.com.vn, proxy
host, scholar.google.cz, proxy
host, scholar.google.de, proxy
host, scholar.google.dk, proxy
host, scholar.google.es, proxy
host, scholar.google.fi, proxy
host, scholar.google.fr, proxy
host, scholar.google.gr, proxy
host, scholar.google.hn, proxy
host, scholar.google.hr, proxy
host, scholar.google.hu, proxy
host, scholar.google.is, proxy
host, scholar.google.it, proxy
host, scholar.google.li, proxy
host, scholar.google.lt, proxy
host, scholar.google.lu, proxy
host, scholar.google.lv, proxy
host, scholar.google.nl, proxy
host, scholar.google.no, proxy
host, scholar.google.pl, proxy
host, scholar.google.pt, proxy
host, scholar.google.ro, proxy
host, scholar.google.ru, proxy
host, scholar.google.se, proxy
host, scholar.google.si, proxy
host, scholar.google.sk, proxy
host, scholar.googleusercontent.com, proxy
host, scholar.l.google.com, proxy
