# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/icloud

host, www-cdn.icloud.com.akadns.net, proxy
host-suffix, apple-icloud.cn, proxy
host-suffix, appleicloud.cn, proxy
host-suffix, applemx-icloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloud-apple.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icloud-content.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloud-isupport.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.ch, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.de, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.ee, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.fi, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.fr, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.hu, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.ie, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.is, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.jp, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.lv, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.om, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.org, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.pt, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.ro, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.se, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.si, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.sk, proxy
host-suffix, icloud.vn, proxy
host-suffix, icloudads.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudapple.cn, proxy
host-suffix, icloudbox.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudbrowser.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloude.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloudhome.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloudmail.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudmusic.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudnet.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudo.com, proxy
host-suffix, icloudo.de, proxy
host-suffix, icloudo.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudos.de, proxy
host-suffix, icloudos.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudpay.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudsecure.net, proxy
host-suffix, icloudsetup.com, proxy
host-suffix, ios-icloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, me.com, proxy
host-suffix, myicloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, mylcloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, wwwicloud.com, proxy
