# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/ikea

host-suffix, ikea.ae, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.at, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.au, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.be, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.bg, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.bh, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ca, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ch, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.cl, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.at, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.ca, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.de, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.om, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.ph, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.pl, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.cy, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.de, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.do, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.eg, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.gr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.in, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.kw, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.lv, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.om, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.pl, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.pr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.pt, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.ro, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.sa, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.com.ua, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.cz, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.de, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.dk, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.do, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ee, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.eg, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.es, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.fi, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.fr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.gr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.hk, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.hr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.hu, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ie, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.in, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.is, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.it, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.jo, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.jp, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.kr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.lt, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.lv, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ma, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.mx, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.my, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.net, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.nl, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.no, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.om, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ph, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.pl, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.pr, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.pt, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.qa, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ro, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.rs, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ru, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.sa, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.sg, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.si, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.sk, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.ua, proxy
host-suffix, ikea.us, proxy
host-suffix, ingka-dt.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ingka-internal.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ingka-system.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ingka.com, proxy
host-suffix, ingka.dev, proxy
host-suffix, ingkacentres.com, proxy
