# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/jd

host-suffix, 1huizhan.com, proxy
host-suffix, 3.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 300hu.com, proxy
host-suffix, 360buy.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 360buy.com, proxy
host-suffix, 360buy.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, 360buyimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, 360buyinternational.com, proxy
host-suffix, 360top.com, proxy
host-suffix, 7fresh.com, proxy
host-suffix, baitiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, blackdragon.com, proxy
host-suffix, caiyu.com, proxy
host-suffix, chicalot.cn, proxy
host-suffix, chinabank.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-beijing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-hebi.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-ningbo.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-ordos.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-shenzhen.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-shiyan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-wuhan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-xian.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-xm.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-zhaoqing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-zhongwei.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudanqing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudbaoshan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudbeibei.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudbinzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchangde.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchangsha.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchangzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchaozhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchengde.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchengdu.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudchuzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudczs.com, proxy
host-suffix, clouddalian.com, proxy
host-suffix, clouddatong.com, proxy
host-suffix, clouddongying.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudfoshan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudfuqing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudganzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudguangzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudhaidong.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudhefei.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudhengshui.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudhuaihua.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudhuizhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudjinan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudjinchang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudjingzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudjining.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudjiujiang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudkunming.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudleshan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudlijiang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudlishui.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudluohe.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudluoyang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudmeishan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudnanan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudnanjing.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudnanning.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudnantong.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudquanzhou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudsanya.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudshanghai.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudshaoyang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudshenfuxingqu.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudsiping.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudsuqian.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudtangshan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudtianjin.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudtongchuan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudtongliang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudweinan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudxiangtan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudxianyou.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudxining.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyanan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyancheng.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyantai.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyinchuan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyueyang.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyuncheng.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudyuxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudzhongshan.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudzhuhai.com, proxy
host-suffix, dao123.com, proxy
host-suffix, duiou.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, duolabao.com, proxy
host-suffix, goselling.com, proxy
host-suffix, healthjd.com, proxy
host-suffix, isvjcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, isvjd.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud-cache.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud-cache.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud-cdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud-live.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud-oss.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudcache.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudcache.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, jclouddn.com, proxy
host-suffix, jclouddns.com, proxy
host-suffix, jclouddns.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudec.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudedge.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudedge.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudgslb.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudgslb.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudimg.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudlb.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudlb.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudlive.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudlv.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudoss.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudresolve.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudresolve.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudss.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudstatic.net, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudvideo.com, proxy
host-suffix, jcloudvideo.net, proxy
host-suffix, jclps.com, proxy
host-suffix, jd-app.com, proxy
host-suffix, jd-ex.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jd-ex.com, proxy
host-suffix, jd-ex.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jd-ex.net, proxy
host-suffix, jd.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jd.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, jd.com, proxy
host-suffix, jd.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jd.hk, proxy
host-suffix, jd.id, proxy
host-suffix, jd.ru, proxy
host-suffix, jd.shop, proxy
host-suffix, jdbusiness.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcache.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-api.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-api.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-edu.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-elite.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-elive.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-livebuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-mail.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-openapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud-oss.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudcache.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudcache.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudcdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdclouddns.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdclouddns.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudedge.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudedge.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudlb.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudlb.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudlive.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudlive.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudresolve.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudresolve.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudsite.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudstatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudstatic.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudstatus.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudstatus.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudvideo.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudvideo.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdcloudwaf.com, proxy
host-suffix, jddapeigou.com, proxy
host-suffix, jddebug.com, proxy
host-suffix, jddglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdemall.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdfw1.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdgslb.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdgslb.net, proxy
host-suffix, jdh.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdjinrong.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jdl.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdl.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jdlike.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jdpay.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdpaydns.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdwl.com, proxy
host-suffix, jdx.com, proxy
host-suffix, jhscm.com, proxy
host-suffix, jingdong.com, proxy
host-suffix, jingdongjinrong.com, proxy
host-suffix, jingpinhui.com, proxy
host-suffix, jingxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, jkcsjd.com, proxy
host-suffix, joybuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, joybuy.es, proxy
host-suffix, linglonglife.com, proxy
host-suffix, logiseasy.com, proxy
host-suffix, mayshijia.com, proxy
host-suffix, minitiao.com, proxy
host-suffix, missjia.net, proxy
host-suffix, ocwms.com, proxy
host-suffix, paidaojia.cn, proxy
host-suffix, paipai.com, proxy
host-suffix, prestodb-china.com, proxy
host-suffix, prestodb.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qianxun.com, proxy
host-suffix, qingzhouip.com, proxy
host-suffix, sgsic.com, proxy
host-suffix, toplife.com, proxy
host-suffix, vg.com, proxy
host-suffix, vipmro.com, proxy
host-suffix, vipmro.net, proxy
host-suffix, wangyin.com, proxy
host-suffix, wdfok.com, proxy
host-suffix, wuliujie.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wuliujie.com, proxy
host-suffix, xianjiqun.com, proxy
host-suffix, xjoycity.com, proxy
host-suffix, yhd.com, proxy
host-suffix, yihaodian.com, proxy
host-suffix, yihaodianimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, yiyaojd.com, proxy
host-suffix, yizhitou.com, proxy
