# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/lenovo

host-suffix, baiying.cn, proxy
host-suffix, baiying.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, blurdev.com, proxy
host-suffix, cftsupport.com, proxy
host-suffix, chainedbox.com, proxy
host-suffix, cunchuhulian-ln.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dayin8.com, proxy
host-suffix, fm365.com, proxy
host-suffix, idea123.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ileapcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, iprintworks.cn, proxy
host-suffix, jhwan.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, juhuiwan.com, proxy
host-suffix, juhuiwan.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, juhuiwan.net, proxy
host-suffix, lenauth.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovo.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovo.com.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, lenovo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovo.net, proxy
host-suffix, lenovocare.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovocloudos.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovocust.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoeservice.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovogame.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoimage.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoimage.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovomm.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovomm.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovomobile.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovonetapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoprinter.com, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoprinter.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lenovoprinter.net, proxy
host-suffix, lenovovip.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lx.pub, proxy
host-suffix, lx.run, proxy
host-suffix, lxzjjt.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lxzjjt.com, proxy
host-suffix, surepush.cn, proxy
host-suffix, thinkcloudlab.com, proxy
host-suffix, thinkpad.com, proxy
host-suffix, thinkprinter.cn, proxy
host-suffix, thinkprinter.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, thinkprinter.net, proxy
host-suffix, zhiliaowenda.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zui.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zui.com, proxy
host-suffix, zuk.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zuk.com, proxy
host-suffix, zuk.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zxsales.cn, proxy
