# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/mihoyo

host-suffix, benghuai.com, proxy
host-suffix, bh3.com, proxy
host-suffix, bhsr.com, proxy
host-suffix, genshinimpact.com, proxy
host-suffix, honkaiimpact3.com, proxy
host-suffix, honkaistarrail.com, proxy
host-suffix, hoyo.link, proxy
host-suffix, hoyolab.com, proxy
host-suffix, hoyoverse.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhystatic.com, proxy
host-suffix, mhyurl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mihayo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihayou.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyo.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyocg.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyogift.com, proxy
host-suffix, mihoyomall.com, proxy
host-suffix, miyoushe.com, proxy
host-suffix, n0vadesktop.com, proxy
host-suffix, themisweeps.com, proxy
host-suffix, yuanshen.com, proxy
