# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/miniso

host-suffix, loveminiso.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, miniso-au.com, proxy
host-suffix, miniso-bh.com, proxy
host-suffix, miniso-np.com, proxy
host-suffix, miniso-nz.com, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.by, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.ca, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.cn, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.co, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.co.tz, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.es, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.gr, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.pl, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.py, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.ge, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.ie, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.jp, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.ma, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.my, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.pe, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.pk, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.ua, proxy
host-suffix, miniso.uz, proxy
host-suffix, minisohome.cn, proxy
host-suffix, minisoindia.com, proxy
host-suffix, minisojordan.com, proxy
host-suffix, minisokorea.com, proxy
host-suffix, minisolife.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, minisothailand.com, proxy
host-suffix, minisovietam.vn, proxy
host-suffix, minsio.cn, proxy
host-suffix, myminiso.com, proxy
