# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/mozilla

host, mdn.mozillademos.org, proxy
host-suffix, bugzilla.org, proxy
host-suffix, crates.io, proxy
host-suffix, developer.allizom.org, proxy
host-suffix, docs.rs, proxy
host-suffix, extensionworkshop.com, proxy
host-suffix, firefox.com, proxy
host-suffix, firefoxusercontent.com, proxy
host-suffix, getpocket.com, proxy
host-suffix, mdn.allizom.net, proxy
host-suffix, mdn.dev, proxy
host-suffix, mdn.mozit.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, mdnplay.dev, proxy
host-suffix, mdnyalp.dev, proxy
host-suffix, mozgcp.net, proxy
host-suffix, mozilla.com, proxy
host-suffix, mozilla.community, proxy
host-suffix, mozilla.net, proxy
host-suffix, mozilla.org, proxy
host-suffix, rust-lang.org, proxy
host-suffix, rustup.rs, proxy
host-suffix, seamonkey-project.org, proxy
host-suffix, thunderbird.net, proxy
