# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/naver

host-suffix, gcld-line.com, proxy
host-suffix, grafolio.com, proxy
host-suffix, lin.ee, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps-beta.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps-rc.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-apps.com, proxy
host-suffix, line-beta.me, proxy
host-suffix, line-cdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, line-scdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, line.biz, proxy
host-suffix, line.me, proxy
host-suffix, linecorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, linefriends.com, proxy
host-suffix, linefriends.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, linegame.jp, proxy
host-suffix, linemobile.com, proxy
host-suffix, linemyshop.com, proxy
host-suffix, lineshoppingseller.com, proxy
host-suffix, linetv.tw, proxy
host-suffix, naver.com, proxy
host-suffix, naver.jp, proxy
host-suffix, naver.net, proxy
host-suffix, navercorp.com, proxy
host-suffix, nhncorp.jp, proxy
host-suffix, plug.game, proxy
host-suffix, pstatic.net, proxy
host-suffix, webtoons.com, proxy
