# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/nike

host-suffix, air-nike-shoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, airmax360.com, proxy
host-suffix, beijingnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, betternike.com, proxy
host-suffix, buynikechina.com, proxy
host-suffix, cheap-nike.com, proxy
host-suffix, cheapnikedunks.com, proxy
host-suffix, cheapnikeoutlet.com, proxy
host-suffix, classicnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, cnnikebrand.com, proxy
host-suffix, customnikeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, easynike.com, proxy
host-suffix, eenike.com, proxy
host-suffix, fashionnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, finenike.com, proxy
host-suffix, foampositeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, goldnikeclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, gonike.com, proxy
host-suffix, handbags-nike.com, proxy
host-suffix, hightopnikes.com, proxy
host-suffix, idnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, inikesneakers.com, proxy
host-suffix, just-do-it.cn, proxy
host-suffix, justdoit.us, proxy
host-suffix, kicksnike1.com, proxy
host-suffix, kidsnikeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, mynike.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike, proxy
host-suffix, nike-air-max.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-dunksb.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-fr.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-org.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-shox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nike-uk.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-us.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike-usa.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike.ci, proxy
host-suffix, nike.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nike.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, nike.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, nike.gy, proxy
host-suffix, nike.hk, proxy
host-suffix, nike.host, proxy
host-suffix, nike.shop, proxy
host-suffix, nike.us, proxy
host-suffix, nike.xn--hxt814e, proxy
host-suffix, nike0594.com, proxy
host-suffix, nike23.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeadidas.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeairhuarache.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeairmax.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeairmaxs.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeairmaxshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeairrift.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeasia.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeaustralia.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeaw77.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeb.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikebbn.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetrue.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.info, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.net, proxy
host-suffix, nikebetterworld.org, proxy
host-suffix, nikebiz.info, proxy
host-suffix, nikebuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeby.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikecdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikechina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikechosen.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikecloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikecompany.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeconfluence.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikecraft.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikedawn.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikedunks.net, proxy
host-suffix, nikedunksshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeelite.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefactorystore.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefind.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefirm.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefoamposites.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefoampositeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefootballcleats.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefootballgloves.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefootballjersey.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefoundation.org, proxy
host-suffix, nikefr.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefrance.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefree.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefreeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikefuelband.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikegadgets.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikegenealogy.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikegolf.ca, proxy
host-suffix, nikegolf.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikegrid.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikehelp.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikehightops.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikehyperdunk.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeid.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikeid.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikeidshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeinc.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeinc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikeincchemistry.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeinstock.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeit.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeitalia.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeitaly.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikekd.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikekid.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikelab.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikelab.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikelink.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeliuxiang.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikeliuxiang.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeliuxiang.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikelives.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikelunarglide.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikemall.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikemall.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikemarketing.com, proxy
host-suffix, niken7.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikenews.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeonlinestore.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeoutletstore.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeoutletstores.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikepioneer.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeplus.org, proxy
host-suffix, nikepress.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeprice.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeproduct.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikepromax.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeresponsibility.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikereuseashoe.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikerunclub.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikerunclub.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikerunner.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikerunning.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikerunningshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesb.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesbdunks.net, proxy
host-suffix, nikeseason.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeselling.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesellorder.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoemarket.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoes-store.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoes21.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoes4u.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoescity.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoesgroup.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoesinc.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoesmarket.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoesretro.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoeswon.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoponline.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeshoxsale.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesku.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesnowboarding.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesoccercleats.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikesportswear.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikestares.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikestore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nikestore.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikestore.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, nikestyles.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeswim.com, proxy
host-suffix, niketaiwan.net, proxy
host-suffix, niketracking.com, proxy
host-suffix, niketradeweb.com, proxy
host-suffix, niketrainer.com, proxy
host-suffix, niketrainers.com, proxy
host-suffix, niketraining.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikeusa.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikewear.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikey.com, proxy
host-suffix, nikezoom.com, proxy
host-suffix, nke6.com, proxy
host-suffix, outletnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, runnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, runningnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, sale-nikeshoes.com, proxy
host-suffix, static-nike.com, proxy
host-suffix, swoo.sh, proxy
host-suffix, swoosh.com, proxy
host-suffix, swoosh.tv, proxy
host-suffix, thedailysnkr.com, proxy
host-suffix, verygoodnike.com, proxy
host-suffix, womensnikeshox.com, proxy
host-suffix, xn--74q035i.xn--hxt814e, proxy
