# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/nurofen

host, nurofensk-prod-env.eu-west-1.elasticbeanstalk.com, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.at, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.bg, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.com, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.cz, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.de, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.es, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.fr, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.hr, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.hu, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.ie, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.it, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.net, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.no, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.pl, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.pt, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.ro, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nurofen.sk, proxy
host-suffix, nurofengel.com, proxy
