# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/nvidia

host, nvidia.tt.omtrdc.net, proxy
host-suffix, geforce.cn, proxy
host-suffix, geforce.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, geforce.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, geforce.com, proxy
host-suffix, geforce.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.com, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.eu, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.in, proxy
host-suffix, gputechconf.jp, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.asia, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.at, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.be, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.ch, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.cn, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.co.at, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.pl, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.ua, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.com.ve, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.cz, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.de, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.dk, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.es, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.eu, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.fi, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.fr, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.in, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.it, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.jp, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.lu, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.mx, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.nl, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.no, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.pl, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.ro, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.ru, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.se, proxy
host-suffix, nvidia.tw, proxy
host-suffix, nvidiaforhp.com, proxy
host-suffix, nvidiagrid.net, proxy
host-suffix, shotwithgeforce.com, proxy
host-suffix, tegrazone.co, proxy
host-suffix, tegrazone.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, tegrazone.com, proxy
host-suffix, tegrazone.jp, proxy
host-suffix, tegrazone.kr, proxy
