# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/pinterest

host-suffix, pin.it, proxy
host-suffix, pinimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, pinimg.com.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.at, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.be, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ca, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ch, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.cl, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co.at, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.bo, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.ec, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.py, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.uy, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.com.vn, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.de, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.dk, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ec, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.engineering, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.es, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.fr, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.hu, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.id, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ie, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.in, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.info, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.it, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.jp, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.kr, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.map.fastly.net, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.mx, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.net, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.nl, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.nz, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.pe, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ph, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.pt, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.ru, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.se, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.th, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.tw, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.uk, proxy
host-suffix, pinterest.vn, proxy
host-suffix, pinterestmail.com, proxy
