# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/qualcomm

host, qualcomm.sc.omtrdc.net, proxy
host-suffix, airgonetworks.com, proxy
host-suffix, berkanawireless.com, proxy
host-suffix, brewmp.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdmatech.com, proxy
host-suffix, dragoniscoming.com, proxy
host-suffix, gobianywhere.com, proxy
host-suffix, gpsonextra.net, proxy
host-suffix, hellosmartbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, imod.com, proxy
host-suffix, ipleadership.org, proxy
host-suffix, iskoot.com, proxy
host-suffix, izatcloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, meetsmartbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, patenttruth.org, proxy
host-suffix, pixtronix.com, proxy
host-suffix, qceventscenter.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qctconnect.com, proxy
host-suffix, qprize.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm-email.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.cn.cdn.cloudflare.net, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.de, proxy
host-suffix, qualcomm.fr, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommhalo.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommlabs.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommmea.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommretail.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommventures.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qualcommventures.com, proxy
host-suffix, qualphone.com, proxy
host-suffix, quicinc.com, proxy
host-suffix, snapdragon.cn, proxy
host-suffix, snapdragonbooth.com, proxy
host-suffix, uplinq.com, proxy
host-suffix, wipower.com, proxy
host-suffix, wirelessreach.com, proxy
host-suffix, xtracloud.cn, proxy
