# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/shopee

host-suffix, shopee.cl, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.cn, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.com, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.com.co, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.es, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.fr, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.id, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.in, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.io, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.ph, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.sg, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.tw, proxy
host-suffix, shopee.vn, proxy
host-suffix, shopeemobile.com, proxy
host-suffix, shopeesz.com, proxy
host-suffix, shp.ee, proxy
