# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/sina-ads

host-suffix, 2016.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ad.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, adbox.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, adimages.sina.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, adimg.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, adimg.uve.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, adm.leju.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ads.sina.com, proxy
host-suffix, alitui.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, api.apps.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, appgift.sinaapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, appsupdate.sinaapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, atm.sina.com, proxy
host-suffix, beacon.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, biz.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, click.uve.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, click.uve.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, contentrecommend-out.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, count.video.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, counter.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cre-dp.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cre.dp.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, d00.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dcads.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dl.kjava.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dmp.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dp.im.weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, game.weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, game.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, gw5.push.mcp.weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gw6.push.mcp.weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, int.dpool.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, interest.mix.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, log.mix.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, log.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mg.games.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, newspush.sinajs.cn, proxy
host-suffix, oascentral.sina.com, proxy
host-suffix, oascentral.sina.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, p4p.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, palmnews.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pay.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pfp.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pfpip.sina.com, proxy
host-suffix, promote.biz.weibo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, rm.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, rs.sinajs.cn, proxy
host-suffix, s.img.mix.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sapi.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sax.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sax.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, saxn.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, saxs.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sbeacon.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sdkapp.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sdkapp.uve.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, sdkclick.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, slog.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, slog.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, staticadm.leju.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tjs.sjs.sinajs.cn, proxy
host-suffix, trends.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, u1.img.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wapwbclick.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wbapp.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wbapp.uve.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, wbclick.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wbpctips.mobile.sina.cn, proxy
host-suffix, widget.weibo.com, proxy
host-suffix, woocall.sina.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, zymo.mps.weibo.com, proxy
