# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/starbucks

host-suffix, sbux.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, sbuxcard.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks-stars.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ad, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.at, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.be, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.bg, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ca, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ch, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.ar, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.bn, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.co, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.cy, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.gr, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.kh, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.kz, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.com.uy, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.de, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.dk, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.es, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.fr, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.hu, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ie, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.in, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.it, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.nl, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.no, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ph, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.pl, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.pt, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.rs, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.ru, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.se, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.tt, proxy
host-suffix, starbucks.vn, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksathome.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksavie.ca, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckscard.ph, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckscardb2b.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckscoffee.cz, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckscoffeegear.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckscoffeegearstore.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksforlife.ca, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksforlife.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckspoq.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksreserve.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksrewardsstarland.ca, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksrewardsstarland.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksromania.ro, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksrtd.com, proxy
host-suffix, starbucksslovakia.sk, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckssummergame.ca, proxy
host-suffix, starbuckssummergame.com, proxy
