# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/tencent

host-suffix, 17roco.com, proxy
host-suffix, acctdns.com, proxy
host-suffix, acctdns.net, proxy
host-suffix, aitransfy.com, proxy
host-suffix, alloyteam.com, proxy
host-suffix, anticheatexpert.com, proxy
host-suffix, apaas-zone-test.com, proxy
host-suffix, apcdns.net, proxy
host-suffix, apigwtencent.com, proxy
host-suffix, battlecare.net, proxy
host-suffix, bcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, bkapigw.com, proxy
host-suffix, bkapps.com, proxy
host-suffix, bkclouds.cc, proxy
host-suffix, bktencent.com, proxy
host-suffix, brawlstars.cn, proxy
host-suffix, build9s.io, proxy
host-suffix, byodonline.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdn-go.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cdndoctor.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdngot.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdntip.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdntips.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdntips.net, proxy
host-suffix, cdnv1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cdnv2.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cdnv3.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloud-industry-delivery.site, proxy
host-suffix, cloudbase.cn, proxy
host-suffix, cloudbase.net, proxy
host-suffix, cloudidaas.com, proxy
host-suffix, cloudsite.vip, proxy
host-suffix, cncqcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, codm.com, proxy
host-suffix, computeinit.com, proxy
host-suffix, comsenz.com, proxy
host-suffix, coolsite.vip, proxy
host-suffix, discuz.net, proxy
host-suffix, discuz.org, proxy
host-suffix, dns.pub, proxy
host-suffix, dnsapi.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.com, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.net, proxy
host-suffix, dnspod.org, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv1.com, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv1.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv2.com, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv3.com, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv4.com, proxy
host-suffix, dnsv5.com, proxy
host-suffix, doh.pub, proxy
host-suffix, dot.pub, proxy
host-suffix, dothework.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ectencent.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ectencent.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, edgeonedy1.com, proxy
host-suffix, essurl.com, proxy
host-suffix, exmailgz.com, proxy
host-suffix, ffbuddy.com, proxy
host-suffix, foxmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, foxmail.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fsphere.cn, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds0.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds1.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds3.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds4.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds5.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds6.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds7.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds8.com, proxy
host-suffix, fyeds9.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymall0.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymall1.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymall4.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymall7.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymall9.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa0.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa1.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa2.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa3.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa4.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa7.com, proxy
host-suffix, fymallqa9.com, proxy
host-suffix, gaapqcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, gamebonfire.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameitop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameloop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstest.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstestonly.com, proxy
host-suffix, gclouddolphin.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudsdk.com, proxy
host-suffix, gdtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, gitdrone.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gmedev.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.org, proxy
host-suffix, gotolink.net, proxy
host-suffix, govqcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, gsadds.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtgres.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtimg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtimg.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, gtm.pub, proxy
host-suffix, happyhlddz.com, proxy
host-suffix, haydaypop.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hdyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, hkgcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, hongxiu.com, proxy
host-suffix, hr-welink.com, proxy
host-suffix, idcgcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, idqqimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, iemiq.com, proxy
host-suffix, igtm.pub, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.com, proxy
host-suffix, imqq.com, proxy
host-suffix, imweb.io, proxy
host-suffix, in.th, proxy
host-suffix, intltencentcos.com, proxy
host-suffix, isd.com, proxy
host-suffix, ispqcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, itopsdk.com, proxy
host-suffix, ivweb.io, proxy
host-suffix, jrzk.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, labycore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, lrts.me, proxy
host-suffix, ludosuperstar.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludoworld.net, proxy
host-suffix, m1.run, proxy
host-suffix, m6.run, proxy
host-suffix, m9.run, proxy
host-suffix, ma.run, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongai.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, metalrevolution.com, proxy
host-suffix, midasbuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.net, proxy
host-suffix, my-qcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, myapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, myelasticsearch.com, proxy
host-suffix, myqcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, nagcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextstudios.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextworkshop.net, proxy
host-suffix, onexmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, openapp.run, proxy
host-suffix, openmidas.com, proxy
host-suffix, oracle-tencent.cn, proxy
host-suffix, oracle-tencent.com, proxy
host-suffix, oracle-tencent.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, oracle-tencent.net, proxy
host-suffix, oracle-tencent.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ovscdns.com, proxy
host-suffix, ovscdns.net, proxy
host-suffix, pn1waq.com, proxy
host-suffix, proximabeta.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubghelper.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubgno1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pubgtool.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloud-edumall.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloud.la, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudapps.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudcdntest.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudclass.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudcos.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudcos.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudcos.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qclouder.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudgme.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudipv6.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudmarket.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudns.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudsmartiot.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudtcic.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudtiw.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudtrip.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudtt.com, proxy
host-suffix, qcloudwaf.com, proxy
host-suffix, qdmm.com, proxy
host-suffix, qdwebim.com, proxy
host-suffix, qeodns.com, proxy
host-suffix, qeodns.net, proxy
host-suffix, qidian.com, proxy
host-suffix, qlogo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qpic.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qq.cn.com, proxy
host-suffix, qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, qq.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qq.design, proxy
host-suffix, qq.wang, proxy
host-suffix, qq.xn--fiqs8s, proxy
host-suffix, qqgameapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqgamedesign.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqmail.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqmra.cn, proxy
host-suffix, qqmra.com, proxy
host-suffix, qyunapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, qzone.com, proxy
host-suffix, readnovel.com, proxy
host-suffix, realcybertron.com, proxy
host-suffix, rmwxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, robloxdev.cn, proxy
host-suffix, rtx.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreator.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreators.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scescdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scid.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scsentry.cn, proxy
host-suffix, serverlesscloud.cn, proxy
host-suffix, servicewechat.com, proxy
host-suffix, skydweller.cn, proxy
host-suffix, smtcdns.com, proxy
host-suffix, smtcdns.net, proxy
host-suffix, spcdntip.com, proxy
host-suffix, spcdntipbak.com, proxy
host-suffix, spcloudhw.com, proxy
host-suffix, spcloudhw.net, proxy
host-suffix, srmkp.cn, proxy
host-suffix, starlakelab.com, proxy
host-suffix, supercell.com, proxy
host-suffix, supercellcommunity.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supercellsupport.cn, proxy
host-suffix, syxlgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, tamaegis.com, proxy
host-suffix, tapd.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tcdlive.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnhw.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnkcbak.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnlive.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnlivebak1.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnlivebak2.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnos.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnos.net, proxy
host-suffix, tcdntip.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnvod.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcdnvodbak.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudbase.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudbase.net, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudbaseapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudbi.com, proxy
host-suffix, tclouddrive.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudedu.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudhw.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudhw.net, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudscdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcloudscdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, tdnsx1.com, proxy
host-suffix, techo.chat, proxy
host-suffix, tefscloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tefscloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, tenant-zone-dev.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencdns.net, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-cloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-cloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-gcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.design, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.net, proxy
host-suffix, tencent.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencentapps.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentbyod.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcdb.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcdb.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcdb.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencentclb.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloud-aiot.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudclub.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudcr.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudmarket.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudns.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudsec.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcloudses.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcos.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcos.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcos.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tencentcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentdayu.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentdb.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentdevices.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentdigitalassistant.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentdms.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencenteiam.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentelasticsearch.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentid.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentidentity.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentmusic.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentproxy.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentrio.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentstart.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencenttid.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentwemeet.club, proxy
host-suffix, tencentwepark.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, tendbcluster.com, proxy
host-suffix, tendis.net, proxy
host-suffix, tenpay.com, proxy
host-suffix, testjrzk.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, testmeet.cn, proxy
host-suffix, testwaf.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, tfogc.com, proxy
host-suffix, tgovcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tidaas.com, proxy
host-suffix, timatrix.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, timibase.com, proxy
host-suffix, timmerse.com, proxy
host-suffix, tingbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, tjstats.com, proxy
host-suffix, tlivecdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, tourismshow.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tourismuser.cn, proxy
host-suffix, tsparkling.com, proxy
host-suffix, tx-exhibition.com, proxy
host-suffix, txbyod.com, proxy
host-suffix, txidc.wang, proxy
host-suffix, txtyxg.com, proxy
host-suffix, txyscdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, txyscdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, ugdtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, um.run, proxy
host-suffix, uncnn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, vcloudstc.com, proxy
host-suffix, vcloudstc.net, proxy
host-suffix, vcloudvod.com, proxy
host-suffix, videoxiaoyouxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, vodtcbk.com, proxy
host-suffix, vxo7tu.com, proxy
host-suffix, wcbygame.com, proxy
host-suffix, webnovel.com, proxy
host-suffix, wechat.com, proxy
host-suffix, wechatpay.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wegamedeveloper.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegameplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, weixinbridge.com, proxy
host-suffix, weiyun.com, proxy
host-suffix, werepository.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wetv.vip, proxy
host-suffix, wetvinfo.com, proxy
host-suffix, weui.io, proxy
host-suffix, wework-studio.com, proxy
host-suffix, xn--owtw8cc49ajfl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xn--r70as2s.xn--fiqs8s, proxy
host-suffix, xqymuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, xs8.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xxsy.net, proxy
host-suffix, ym.run, proxy
host-suffix, yuewen.com, proxy
host-suffix, yufuid.com, proxy
host-suffix, yufuid.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yufuid.net, proxy
host-suffix, yunjitele.com, proxy
host-suffix, yxdmgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yximg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yxwsgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yzyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zcjbgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuoyuegame.com, proxy
