# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/tencent-games

host-suffix, 17roco.com, proxy
host-suffix, anticheatexpert.com, proxy
host-suffix, battlecare.net, proxy
host-suffix, bcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, brawlstars.cn, proxy
host-suffix, codm.com, proxy
host-suffix, ffbuddy.com, proxy
host-suffix, gamebonfire.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameitop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gameloop.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstest.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudcstestonly.com, proxy
host-suffix, gclouddolphin.com, proxy
host-suffix, gcloudsdk.com, proxy
host-suffix, gdtimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.com, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.mobi, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.net.cn, proxy
host-suffix, goto-game.org, proxy
host-suffix, gotolink.net, proxy
host-suffix, gouhuo.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, gtgres.com, proxy
host-suffix, happyhlddz.com, proxy
host-suffix, haydaypop.cn, proxy
host-suffix, hdyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, hkgcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ihappystudio.com, proxy
host-suffix, in.th, proxy
host-suffix, labycore.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludosuperstar.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ludoworld.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongai.net, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, mahjongcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, metalrevolution.com, proxy
host-suffix, midasbuy.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.cn, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.com, proxy
host-suffix, mszdld.net, proxy
host-suffix, nagcloudcs.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextstudios.com, proxy
host-suffix, nextworkshop.net, proxy
host-suffix, proximabeta.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubghelper.com, proxy
host-suffix, pubgno1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, pubgtool.com, proxy
host-suffix, qqgameapp.com, proxy
host-suffix, realcybertron.com, proxy
host-suffix, rmwxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roblox.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, robloxdev.cn, proxy
host-suffix, roco.qq.com, proxy
host-suffix, sccreator.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sccreators.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scescdn.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scid.cn, proxy
host-suffix, scsentry.cn, proxy
host-suffix, skydweller.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supercell.com, proxy
host-suffix, supercellcommunity.cn, proxy
host-suffix, supercellsupport.cn, proxy
host-suffix, syxlgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, tcfmglobal.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencent-gcloud.com, proxy
host-suffix, tencentstart.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.cn, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.com, proxy
host-suffix, texasholdemcup.net, proxy
host-suffix, timibase.com, proxy
host-suffix, videoxiaoyouxi.com, proxy
host-suffix, wcbygame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com, proxy
host-suffix, wegame.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, wegameplus.com, proxy
host-suffix, werepository.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, xn--owtw8cc49ajfl.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yxdmgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yximg.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yxwsgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, yzyxgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zcjbgame.com, proxy
host-suffix, zhuoyuegame.com, proxy
