# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/ucloud

host-suffix, apimkt.net, proxy
host-suffix, cdndo.com, proxy
host-suffix, clk1.cn, proxy
host-suffix, clk1.top, proxy
host-suffix, ecloud-gdu.com, proxy
host-suffix, fshark.cn, proxy
host-suffix, globalrdp.cn, proxy
host-suffix, globalssh.cn, proxy
host-suffix, iprdp.net, proxy
host-suffix, ipssh.net, proxy
host-suffix, me1.ltd, proxy
host-suffix, slk1.net, proxy
host-suffix, u-cdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, ucgslb.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucgslb.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucgslb.info, proxy
host-suffix, ucgslb.net, proxy
host-suffix, ucgslb.top, proxy
host-suffix, ucloud-edm.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloud.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucloud.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucloud365.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudadmin.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudapi.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudgda.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudnaming.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudnaming.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudnaming.info, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudnaming.net, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudoss.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudstack.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudstack.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudstack.net, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudstor.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucloudufile.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucnaming.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ucnaming.com, proxy
host-suffix, ucnaming.info, proxy
host-suffix, ucnaming.net, proxy
host-suffix, uewaf.com, proxy
host-suffix, ufileos.com, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb.cn, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb.com, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb.info, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb.net, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb.top, proxy
host-suffix, ugslb2.net, proxy
host-suffix, uhasadmin.com, proxy
host-suffix, unaming.cn, proxy
host-suffix, unaming.info, proxy
host-suffix, unaming.net, proxy
host-suffix, urtc.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, uslk.net, proxy
host-suffix, uucl.vip, proxy
