# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/vercel

host-suffix, err.sh, proxy
host-suffix, hyper.is, proxy
host-suffix, nextjs.org, proxy
host-suffix, now.sh, proxy
host-suffix, static.fun, proxy
host-suffix, title.sh, proxy
host-suffix, turborepo.org, proxy
host-suffix, vercel-dns.com, proxy
host-suffix, vercel-status.com, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.app, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.blog, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.com, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.events, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.live, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.pub, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.sh, proxy
host-suffix, vercel.store, proxy
host-suffix, zeit-world.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, zeit-world.com, proxy
host-suffix, zeit-world.net, proxy
host-suffix, zeit-world.org, proxy
host-suffix, zeit.co, proxy
host-suffix, zeit.sh, proxy
host-suffix, zeitworld.com, proxy
