# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/westerndigital

host-suffix, g-technology.com, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.ae, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.cn, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.com, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.de, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.es, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.fr, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.hk, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.id, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.in, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.it, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.nl, proxy
host-suffix, sandisk.sg, proxy
host-suffix, wd.com, proxy
host-suffix, wdc.com, proxy
host-suffix, westerndigital.com, proxy
