# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/yahoo

host, cdn.js7k.com, proxy
host-suffix, flic.kr, proxy
host-suffix, flickr, proxy
host-suffix, flickr.com, proxy
host-suffix, flickr.net, proxy
host-suffix, maktoob.com, proxy
host-suffix, myguide.hk, proxy
host-suffix, staticflickr.com, proxy
host-suffix, techcrunch.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo-news.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ae, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.am, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.as, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.at, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.az, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ba, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.be, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bs, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.bt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.by, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ca, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cat, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cd, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ch, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ao, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.bw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ck, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.cr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.id, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.in, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.jp, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.kr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.mz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.nz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.th, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.tz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.uk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.uz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.ve, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.vi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.co.za, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.af, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ag, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ai, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ar, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.au, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bd, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.br, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.bz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.cn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.co, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.do, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ec, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.eg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.es, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.fj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.gi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.gt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.kw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.lb, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ly, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.mt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.mx, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.my, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.na, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.nf, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.om, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pa, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pe, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ph, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.pr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.py, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sa, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sb, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.sv, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.tw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.ua, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.uy, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.vc, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.com.vn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.cz, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.de, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dj, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.dm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ee, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.es, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fi, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.fr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ge, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gp, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.gy, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.hu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ie, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.im, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.in, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.is, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.it, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.je, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.jo, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.la, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.lv, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.md, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.me, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.mx, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.net, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.nl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.no, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.nu, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ph, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ps, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.pt, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ro, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.rw, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.se, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sh, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.si, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.so, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.sr, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.st, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tk, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tl, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tm, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.tn, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.vg, proxy
host-suffix, yahoo.ws, proxy
host-suffix, yahooapis.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoodns.net, proxy
host-suffix, yahoofinance.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoohealth.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoomusic.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoosandbox.com, proxy
host-suffix, yahoosportsbook.com, proxy
host-suffix, yho.com, proxy
host-suffix, yimg.com, proxy
host-suffix, yimg.jp, proxy
host-suffix, ymail.com, proxy
host-suffix, yusercontent.com, proxy
