# Generated from https://github.com/v2fly/domain-list-community/tree/master/data/yandex

host-suffix, dzen.ru, proxy
host-suffix, xn--d1acpjx3f.xn--p1ai, proxy
host-suffix, ya.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yandex, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.aero, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.az, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.by, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.co.il, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com.am, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com.ge, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com.tr, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.com.ua, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.de, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.ee, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.eu, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.fi, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.fr, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.jobs, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.kg, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.kz, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.lt, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.lv, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.md, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.net, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.org, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.pl, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.ru, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.st, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.sx, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.tj, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.tm, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.ua, proxy
host-suffix, yandex.uz, proxy
host-suffix, yandexcloud.net, proxy
host-suffix, yastatic.net, proxy
